Complain Email:
http://inside-out.xyz/canada/how-to-write-a-complain-letter-for-the-celpip-exam.html
http://celpip-tip.blogspot.ca/2016/09/celpip-writing-task-1-writing-email-tip.html

The letter must have a clear structure. According to some little research on Google, the best structure is the following:

Background
Problem
Solution
Warning (optional)
Closing

信件一定要有： 背景、問題、解法，警告(optional)、結尾

-----
vocab:
	毀掉
	spoil
	ruin
	mess up

退款：
	refund
-----


This letter must be polite and try to avoid questions as "why?", as this is not helpful to get your goal done.

Background
	This section will put the reader in context. It needs to be short and going straight to the point. For example, I am writing to inform you about the delayed delivered on the order 999999 which it was paid last March 21st, 2016.

Problem
	Here you give all the facts and relevant information you have. This will help the person who is taking your complaint to have all the tools to review what is happening. Depending the kind of problem, you can put the effect of this problem. For example, On March 21st, 2016, we purchased in your website www.inside-out.xyz a set of dog massaged device under the order number 9999999. Payment was done with VISA credit card (termination 1234). It is now May 2nd, 2016 and the package has not arrived and I don't have any communication from you about this matter, not even a tracking number. The website claims to deliver all purchases in less than 30 days within the Canada. Without this device, our old and beloved pet will have problems for walking as he is 12 years old dog.

Solution
	Propose a solution to your problem. It is a polite way to give a second chance. For example, Please send the tracking number as soon as possible.

Warning
	This is optional and it depends on how the situation is. For example, Otherwise, we will look for another vendor, ask for a refund and complain under the authorities of a possible fraud.

Closing
	Be polite and finish in good terms. For example, I look forward to hearing about you.


Example:
Question: Complain restaurant service letter.

Answer: 
Dear Mr.Rick.

I wish to make a formal complaint against your restaurant staff last Friday evening over their poor service, which spoiled my evening with my family.

I had already made a reservation of 5. My reservation was at 6pm and I arrived at 5.50pm. We were made to wait for an hour before we were seated.

In addition, I was greatly disappointed that my mother birthday was spoiled by the poor attitude of your staff. The table seating was meant for a party of 4, so my party and I were pretty cramped. The service was slow and no apologies or reasons for the delay in our food were given. The manager was no where in sight. It was certainly a bad first experience.

I hope that you will look into this matter and train your staff properly to have the appropriate behavior befitting the occasion. I am quite hesitant to return to your restaurant for future celebrations.

Sincerely,

Jame Robert