TBBT SE0101 
I don't know what your odds are in the world as a whole, but as far as the population of this car goes,  You're a veritable Mack Daddy. 

我不知道你在整個世界的機率是多少，但是以這台車裡的人來說，你的機率很高。

(表示整車中你的排名很好)

veritable: 名副其實

Son of bitch

You sick geeky bastards 你們這些怪物混蛋

Do you understand how creepy this is? 你們知道這有多恐怖嗎？

all over the place: 1:到處都是= everywhere
					2: in a mess 一團混亂

You are all over the place this morning: 你今天早上整個一塌糊塗

tbbt S04E24
Rooty Tooty Stinky Booty: 放屁又響又臭 的意思
	rooty-tooty: 喧鬧的，兇猛的，粗魯的
	stinky: 發臭的: 
	booty: 屁股

put out with : 忍受、容忍
	she put up with his nonsense for two years, and then she kicked him out"

It was both tragic and hysterical :喜劇跟悲劇同時上演 (表示一件很悲慘的事，但是卻又同時很好笑)
	tragic: adj. very sad, often involving death and suffering(悲慘的)

flatline v. 指死亡 (想像醫院的心電圖)

to turn that frown upside down  指把悲傷轉成笑臉
	frown : 皺眉
	upside down:翻轉

tiara: 皇冠形的頭飾  a jeweled ornamental band worn on the front of a woman's hair.
crown：皇冠

sabbatical : = vacation
	He is on sabbatical. 他在休假中
	He is on vacation. 他在休假中
	He takes a vacation to Canada.他去加拿大度假了

trim your nail. 剪指甲

I couldn't give a furry crack of a rat's behind.  （比較幽默的說　「我不在意」）
	= I couldn't give a rat's ass = I don't care
	我不在意

quirky: 詭異的。
	
	Now, however, I look forward to the same quirky humor and gothic sense of style with every new film he makes.
mint-in-box: 全新未拆封的
	It's mint-in-box toy.

It's such a honor and privilege to see you


boner: stupid mistake 愚蠢的錯誤
It's quite a boner and unacceptable.

intruder 侵入者
invader 入侵者


set them straight: 教他們守規矩
keep your girl in line.  同上，讓你的女人守規矩

on the premises,在…前題之下

blunder: 錯誤= mistake (通常比mistake再嚴重一些)


I do crap for you all the time. 我一天到晚為你做屎事(做牛做馬)
	crap:  solid waste, or an occasion when an animal or person produces solid waste:

upside = pro 好處
	There's no upside. 沒有好處

pep talk: a talk intended to make someone feel more courageous or enthusiastic. 
	(幫忙打氣的對話)

setback：挫折

I am always available for your earliest convenience.
	(歡迎隨時找我  有點類似Looking forward to seeing you.  但是更為禮貌)

intriguing adj. 奇妙的、非常有趣的(very interesting ，比interesting還要強烈的字眼)
	an intriguing possibility/question
	She has a really intriguing personality.

snoop: 窺探 (to look around a place secretly)
	You snoop on me? (通常指侵犯隱私的方式，如趁人不在的時候偷翻人家的抽屜)
stoop: 彎腰 bow

stalk: v. 跟蹤、偷偷靠近
		  n. (植物 ) 莖
	He had stalked her for several months before he was arrested.
	The police had been stalking the woman for a week before they arrested her.

groundwork: 地基(工作之前的準備)
	The committee will meet today to lay the groundwork for inter-party talks next month.

pushover: 牆頭草

wuss: = coward膽小鬼

spineless: (沒骨頭、沒勇氣的人) A spineless person does not have much determination and is not willing to take risks:
	He was, she concluded, a spineless individual.

doable: 1:可行的
	This project may be difficult, but I still think it's doable.
		2: (形容女生)可行的，可以跟她上床的。

sleet: 冰雨 (下雪+下雨) wet, partly melted falling snow:
hail: 冰雹

not in a position:   不能做主
	I am not in a position to say you can come. 你能不能來，不是我說了算

suck up:馬屁精

spontaneous: 自發的：
	Things happened spontaneously. 事情自然而然的就發生了

jaywalk: v. 亂穿越馬路(​to walk across a street at a place where it is not allowed or without taking care to avoid the traffic)

jaywalker: 
	We nearly ran over a couple of jaywalkers who walked out in front of the car.


make a fuss: 大驚小怪

make a fuss over somebody	對某人極盡的照顧或注意
	He is been making a fuss over me after I told him I was pregnant.

rein it in : 控制住它

over the top (類似於cross the line) 過界、過火

He could get a word edgewise. (他插不上話)

He got under your skin (他成功的激怒你了)

on the house:  It is given to you free by a business (免費的，通常是促銷的原因)
	All the drinks were on the house.

I can soldier through this. 我可以咬牙撐過去


maniacs: 瘋子 = madman,

eccentric:怪胎
	un-socialized eccentric不適應社會的怪胎 
weirdo: 怪胎


shortcoming: 缺點 = drawback, disadvantage, defect, weak point.


bozo: 蠢貨、笨蛋
goofy: 
blockheads.

possum 負鼠
	play possum: 裝死、裝傻
	come possum over sb. 〔口語〕欺騙某人，瞞哄某人

	She's playing possum until he goes away. 她在裝死好讓他離開

thinking outside the box. (跳出框架思考)

locomotive: 火車頭


a wreck: 在沉船中 ( 表示很慘的意思, 類似於a mess)
	My life is a wreck.

How come he can say it and I can't? (為什麼他可以說，我卻不行？)

Do you have any little soup crackers? 配湯小餅乾

Instead of dwelling on something negative, think about this.
	除了往壞的地方想，可以試試看這樣子想

	dwell: v. 居住
	dwell on sth.: to keep thinking or talking about something, especially something bad or unpleasant: (一直思考或是想某件事，尤其是壞事)

I don't want you to feel left out.
	我不希望你感覺被冷落了

What are the odds. 好巧啊 
	(odds: 機率，  整句話有這個機率很小，但還是發生的意思)

I am here for you. 我就在這 (指我願意幫忙的意思)

We can trash behind her back. (我們可以在她後面說她壞話)

We'd be catty. 
	catty: unkind , intend to hurt someone.

	She's always making catty remarks about her sister.

I know what kinds of strength that takes. 我知道這需要多堅強才可以辦到
				（我知道這有多難）

be on the ball: Attentive, knowledgeable, and quick to take action.
			一種誇獎人工作又好又快
	 I'm so glad that my assistant is always on the ball because I'm too scatterbrained to manage my schedule on my own. I can't believe Molly got that report done so quickly—she's really on the ball.

She seems a bit dour. 她看起來有一些陰沉
	dour: (usually of a person's appearance or manner) unfriendly, unhappy, and very serious:

leave sb/sth out: to not include someone or something: 忽略、漏掉
	I don't want to you to feel left out.


What you are saying sounds nice, but the way you're saying it is causing my testicles to take cover in my abdomen. 
	你說的話聽起來很好，但是你說話的口氣讓我的蛋蛋嚇到縮進小腹裡了。

hypocrisy: n. 	表裡不一、偽君子

go out on a limb: 1: take a risk.  (接受風險)
				  2: To hazard a guess. (做個危險的猜測)
	原意指的是爬到一個隨時會斷掉的樹枝之上，(比喻危險的動作)

	go out on a limb在日常用法中逐漸衍生出一種新的含義，那就是“taking chances”（冒險），而冒險的目的可能並非為了幫助他人。



	I’m going to go out on a limb here. You’re together?
	I’m gonna go out on a limb and say you don't.

	on a limb（爬到樹枝之上）
	limb:樹枝

planetarium: 天文館

déjà vu: /ˌdeɪ.ʒɑː ˈvuː/ 即視感
	the strange feeling that in some way you have already experienced what is happening now

===============
Baptist:  a member of a Christian group that believes that baptism should not happen until a person is old enough to ask for it and to understand its meaning
		浸洗者 (基督教徒的一支)
	I strongly advise you to stay Baptist. 我強烈建議你繼續信浸信會

baptism: 受洗、洗禮

Zoroaster 波斯拜火教

Taoist: (信)道教的人

monotheism:一神教、一神論
athiest: 無神論者
Taiwan folk religion (台灣民間信仰)
===============

Two peas in a pod 指兩個人很相似(可能是情境、可能是長像)，視情境可以翻成一丘之貉、狼狽為奸
	pea: 豌豆
	pod 莢、豆莢

	They are two peas in a pod. 

Get your woman in line. (讓你的女人守規矩一點)

Strap on a pair : to be brave or show your confidence, courage 鼓起勇氣

		 strap on a pair of balls:帶種點～（比較粗俗的說法）
	Oh, come on Mike, strap on a pair.



Don't patronize me. 別安慰我了、別可憐我　
	Stop patronizing me - I understand the play as well as you do.
		不要再安慰我了，我知道這個表演跟你一樣好。

	patronize: 保護、寵幸    to speak to or behave towards someone as if they are stupid or not important:
		以上對下的態度來對待某人(保護、安慰一類)
		P.S.  patron/patronize的最終詞源是pater, 拉丁文"父親"的意思。

raving lunatic: 瘋狂的瘋子
	如果我的未婚夫是個瘋子，這對我的名譽是個很大的警鐘
	If my fiance is a raving lutanic, it's kind of ding on my reputation.

incumbent 現任的
	incumbent on the ballot :現任的人員 (ballot: 選票) (爭取連任)

eat crow: 意指拿石頭砸自己的腳
		Eating crow is a colloquial idiom(俚語) used in English-speaking countries that means humiliation by admitting having been proven wrong after taking a strong position. (因為自己支持的(意見)被證明是錯的而感到羞辱，)

prank: 惡作劇
	You are eating crow

flash mob: 快閃族


The doctors are so condescending. 醫生們總是居高臨下的(看不起我)

 condescending adj. 居高臨下 having or showing a feeling of patronizing superiority.
 contempt v. 鄙視、輕視


I had an great idea, but no one was listen to me.
And then 5 minutes later, Paul said the same thing, 
and they practically carried him around the room.
我有一個好主意，但是沒有人聽我說話，５分鐘後，Paul說了一樣的話，結果大家簡直要抬起他來歡呼了。

people-pleaser
You are such a people-pleaser　你真愛討好人

You have to swallow your pride.你得把你的自信（驕傲）吞回去了

I can't believe you just threw me under the bus. 
	我真不敢相信你剛剛出賣了我

What happened to our united front? 
	我們說好的一條心呢？(共同戰線)

Good for you, pelican. 
	pelican: 鵜鵜 (在賭場裡，似乎是類似送錢蠢蛋)


It's so frustrating that science should be held hostage to the almighty dollar
科學居然變成金錢的奴隸，讓人覺得很洩氣
almighty dollar: 全能的金錢 (指金錢是萬能的)

easy installment plans: 分期付款方案

if you got them, flaunt them. 如果你有他們，炫耀他們吧
if you got it, flaunt it.
	(指的是某個人有某種才能/能力/身材，就要展示出來)

hang out to dry: 背判某人、置某人於危險的地方、讓某人獨自去面對困難
	I feel bad about hanging Penny to dry.

an escort service: 陪伴服務
	陪护服务，或陪伴服务。所谓的陪护，有两层含义，一层是指：正常的活动陪同，包括：陪同参与社交活动，或保护安全等。另外一层含义则是：色情服务（sexual services）。在美国，escort service的这两种含义都很常用，具体指哪种，需视语境而定。在两种情况下，提供陪同服务的人员，都被称为escort(s)。

wear a veil: 戴上面紗

Turns out this is gonna in handy after all. 結果這還是派上用場了

You are a lamb to slaughter. 你是隻待宰的羔羊 
