Celpip Pretest

https://www.celpip.ca/test-format/
====
 He’s a little apprehensive about communicating in Japanese

	apprehensive

 I assumed exercise would exacerbate ADHD”, Epstein asserted. 
====
jeopardy 危險
anatomy  解剖學
narwhal  獨角鯨
intervention 介入
fade	褪色 / 在這裡指萎, 失去活力的意思 (通常用在人身上)
delicate	精巧的

frigid  寒冷的
anatomy  解剖学
intrigues n. 复杂的事、诡计
		  v. 搞陰謀
tusks 長牙、象牙

migratory species: 遷徙物種
intervention: n. 介入 (intervere的名詞)
exacerbate: 加劇、惡化 = deteriorate
curriculum



50 mins for listening

Listening to Problem Solving
	You will hear a conversation in 3 sections. You will hear each section only once.
	After each section, you will hear 2 or 3 questions. You will hear the questions only once.
	Choose the best answer to each question.

Listening Part 2: Listening to a Daily Life Conversation NEXT
Listening to a Daily Life Conversation
You will hear a conversation followed by 5 questions.
Listen to each question. You will hear the question only once.
Choose the best answer to each question.

Listening for Information
You will hear a conversation followed by 6 questions.
Listen to each question. You will hear the question only once.
Choose the best answer to each question.


1  b : playground
b : make guess
x a : ask another passenger 
	－－＞	look for the restaurant

4:   a He was taking a walk in the park.
	c  He helped her by using a smartphone.
	d  Get on the little red shuttle bus.

x7 d because his bus hasn’t broken down
	－－>	because she does not seem angry

  c Yes, and she’ll arrive there on time.


1: b  because the woman looked unwell
   ｘa because the woman looked unwell
   		－－＞He suggested that the woman stay after work hours.
   			　可能只是貼錯？
   ｘ　a because her son doesn’t sleep at night
   		－－＞because she has to meet a deadline
   c because she’s hoping to get a promotion
   d He’s taking a day off work to look after their son.

1 :  c She is a researcher.
	 d They often fail to complete tasks at work.
	 a affect job stability and social life
	 c because they have poor time management
	 c Prioritize tasks.
	 a time management skills and lowering anxiety  ???

1. The news item is about a medical breakthrough.
2. Before the surgery, Dianne was unable to see with either eye.
3. With the prototype, Dianne won’t be able to see details.
4. Dianne’s prototype will soon be replaced.
5. The two other patients are doing well with their prototypes.


dispute-->discuss：爭議、討論

(需要注意三個人的穿著：否則被問衣服一類的會沒有辦法注意)
1. What is the main topic being discussed? whether to grow
ｘ2. In the discussion, what were the three speakers mainly doing? disputing a decision
－－＞considering their options

3. Which saying would the man in the sweater probably agree with? Small is beautiful; less is more.

x4. What best describes the woman’s attitude to Marta? gratitude
-->admiration
ｘ 5. Who must be the best speaker of French? The man wearing short sleeves
－－＞	The man wearing a sweater

6. What is definitely true of the club’s allophones? They outnumber the other two groups.
7. What do the woman and the man in the sweater disagree on? keeping waitlists
x　8. What does the man wearing short sleeves agree to do? move the whole group to a bigger restaurant
	-->	start additional meetups at a second location


1. This is a story about a proposed law to reduce some prisoners’ sentences.
2. Prisoners' access to the program would depend on their crime and behaviour in jail.
3. The purpose of the project is to diminish conflict and promote personal growth.
4. Critics argue that the project penalizes those with poor English language skills.
5. Chris Kendhi, who’s worked in prison libraries for 20 years, believes the project will transform some prisoners’ lives.
x 6. If the bill becomes law, it will apply to the whole country.
	 (無法確定是province還是country要整個實行)
-->apply to the whole province.

9題錯

30/39

=======================================
Reading:


1:British Columbia

1 Maria’s mother is now in Chile.
	xin Victoria.
2. In a few weeks, Maria’s son Marco will start a new job.
3. Marco is feeling unsure about the job.
	X nervous about speaking Japanese.
4. Marco’s employers are specialists in town reconstruction.
5. Maria and Jack are worried about Marco’s lack of life experience.
6. Mea and Maria are old friends. 
Here is a response to the message. Complete the response by filling in the blanks. Select the best choice for each blank from the drop-down 

7 the leaving party
 8. Calgary
  9. party
   10. he can’t use that now
11. move to Tokyo


B  - 1. There are physical differences between Narwhal males and females.
A  - 2. Narwhals are also referred to as death-like.
C  - 3. There are aspects of narwhal’s anatomy that remain unexplained.
X C  - 4. Narwhals present puzzling social interactions.
 D 
C  - 5. Narwhal whales are connected to Canadian aboriginal folklore.
X D  - 6. There is a sound understanding of narwhals’ mating behaviour.
	E 
D  - 7. Different countries are documenting narwhal behaviour patterns.
A  - 8. The narwhal population is in jeopardy.
X D  - 9. Narwhals’ physical characteristics are also observed in other whale groups.
	A

1. This article is about a conventional high school teacher with an unconventional idea.
2. Mr. Gordon’s intervention was inspired by his own successful experience as a student.
X 3. The intervention was not appealing to his high school students.
	-->initially well received by the school principal.
4. According to Dr. Ratney, exercising diminishes hyperactivity and increases attention.
5. At the one-year mark, the intervention produced the results Mr. Gordon expected.



6. bring exercise into the classroom. 
7. will improve students’ concentration
8. are most likely to fade <--什麼意思？
X 9. provide too many assignments
	--> overwork the students
X 10. really need to get more exercise.
	-->are bouncing around on yoga balls.

Interesting article! I’ve been a high school teacher for 
fifteen years and I am quite dubious of Mr. Gordon’s attempt to 6. bring exercise into the classroom. Although Dr. Ratney claims that this project 7. will improve students’ concentration, I often find the opposite is true. Indeed, it is the students that play soccer or basketball at lunchtime that 8. are most likely to fade in the afternoon. It would be a mistake to 9. provide too many assignments prior to the end of a busy school day. There is also the question of time management. It simply is not possible to get through the curriculum while the students 10. really need to get more exercise.




menu (  ).
Hi Maria,
This is such wonderful news! Count us in, we would hate to miss 7. the leaving party. We’ll leave 8. Calgary at 6am Saturday morning. We’ll be there by early afternoon. That way if you need any help setting up the 9. party, you’ll have some extra help. Cindy is great with decorations. 
Also, we want to give Marco a graduation gift. Initially we thought about a sofa for his Vancouver apartment, but I guess that 10. he can’t use that now. Do you have any suggestions? Does he have everything he needs for the 11. move to Tokyo? Winter clothes, perhaps? 
Let me know, and see you on Saturday! 
Love, 
Mea
\



Hi Mea,

I’m sorry for taking so long to reply to your email. As you know, I’ve been very busy this summer with Marco’s university graduation and my family’s visit from Chile. The graduation ceremony was great! Too bad you guys couldn’t make it, but we understand it’s a bit of a drive from Calgary. You were truly missed. My Mum remembers you well from when we were kids. After the celebrations, we took the family sightseeing here in Vancouver. They loved it! They left yesterday for Victoria, and will catch a plane back home from there in three days.

Just when we thought things would slow down, Marco broke the news that he had accepted a job offer in Tokyo. He leaves at the end of the month! He was invited to work at a top engineering firm that specializes in rebuilding cities after large disasters. Needless to say Marco is very excited about it. The firm has been really active in the reconstruction efforts following the 2011 earthquake in Japan, and it’s a great first step into his career, not to mention the opportunity to experience a new culture, and learn a new language. He’s a little apprehensive about communicating in Japanese but the firm has a translator and a tutor to help him.

Marco is over the moon, but Jack and I are having a tougher time with it. We think he’s so young to be so far away, but we know it’s for the best. Just the other day Jack and I were talking about that trip all of us took to Disneyland when the kids were little, do you remember that? It’s been 20 years! Time flies, doesn’t it? Well, get prepared, Cindy is next!

In any event, we are planning a farewell party for friends next weekend, and Marco cannot imagine not having you, Jason and Cindy there. The party will be at his apartment. He really does not want to leave without saying goodbye to you all. We hope you can make it, after all we haven’t seen you since last Christmas. Let me know so I can get the rooms ready.

We’ll be in touch,

Love, 
Maria


A. The narwhal is an endangered type of whale found in the frigid waters of the Arctic, extending from Canada through the Norwegian waters to Russia. Narwhal means "corpse whale", and it has earned its name because of its mottled dark grey colour. Narwhals are regularly harvested for meat and ivory in northern Canada and Greenland. Narwhals share physical characteristics with Beluga whales, having similar shape and size. Both species lack dorsal fins, have short beaks, rounded heads and a thick layer of blubber to adapt to glacial conditions. 

B. The narwhals’ distinctive characteristic lies in the presence of a long 2.5 meter spiralling tusk that protrudes from the males' foreheads, resembling a unicorn. The horn-like formation, however, is a long left tooth. The right tooth remains embedded in the skull and measures roughly 30 centimeters. Female tusks have a more regularly defined morphology. They are much shorter, straighter, and do not collect as much algae on the surface, thus appearing whiter. 

C. For hundreds of years the purpose of the tusk on the "unicorn whale" has puzzled scientists and local aboriginal elders alike. A northern aboriginal legend explains the narwhal's tusk was created when a woman shooting with a harpoon rope was dragged into the ocean after the harpoon had struck a large narwhal whale. She then was transformed into a narwhal herself, and her hair, which was long and twisted, became the characteristic of the spiral tusk. In academic circles, the tusk remains an evolutionary mystery that defies many of the known principles of mammalian teeth. Preliminary studies suggest the tusk enables whales to determine salinity levels and allows them to detect food in their environment. 

D. Narwhal behaviour also intrigues researchers. Males frequently engage in episodes of rubbing their tusks together, or “tusking,” for as-yet unknown reasons. The same behaviour is not observed in the female counterparts or between females and males. Some studies theorize about the possibility of these being mating behaviours aimed at displaying genetic superiority. Support for such a theory, however, has proved scarce since unlike other mammalian species the behaviour is not aggressive. Narwhals are a migratory species. In an attempt to learn about their migration patterns and social behavior, their populations are being observed and recorded through satellite tracking conducted by scientists in Canada and Greenland. 

E. Not given in any of the above paragraphs.


================================
Writing Test
Writing Test Instructions
On the official test, if you do not finish Task 1 in 27 minutes, the screen will move to Task 2. You cannot go back to Task 1. However, in this sample test, in order to move forward in the test you must click on "NEXT."
You have 53 minutes to complete this practice Writing Test. For more information on test format, click here.



Read the following information.
Q1: 
You recently made reservations for dinner at a very famous and expensive restaurant in town. However, the meal and the service were terrible. The restaurant manager was not available to solve the problem, so you left without a resolution.

Write an email to the restaurant's manager in about 150-200 words. Your email should do the following things:

State what problems you had with the food you ordered.
Complain about the service.
Describe how you want the restaurant to resolve the problem to your satisfaction.



=====
What I wrote
Hello PiegeonHole Manager, 

I wrote this email for complaining the dinner we had in your restaurant last night.  My clients and I went to the restaurant and ordered two lobsters, a steak, some side dishes and soup. The steak was great, but the seafood was horrible. Lobsters had some stinky smell in it and I believed that you forgot to put salt in the clam soup. Besides, The waitress spilled one of my clients' wine, She said sorry and help him to clean the clothes. I assumed that she'll give him another glass of wine instead, but he didn't. I told it to another waiter while I was paying the bill. He said sorry and he could nothing for me.

I can not image that you are one of the most famous restaurant in Calgary. You embarrassed me in front of my clients. I don't need you refund the money, but I have to ask you to write an apology mail to my clients in hand and promise that'll never happen again.


Sincerely,
ccas.
=====


Read the following information.

City Development Survey

You live in a small town of 10,000 people. A large green area in the centre of town is undeveloped. The city has sent out an opinion survey to see what residents would like to have built in that area. 

Choose the option that you prefer. Why do you prefer your choice? Explain the reasons for your choice. Write about 150-200 words.

Option A: Shopping Complex: This shopping mall would include restaurants, a large supermarket, and a movie theatre.
Option B: Recreational Park: This park would include a sports complex, a large green area, and a small petting zoo.


======

I would prefer option B: Recreational Park. 
The reason I choose B is because we already have a lot of restaurant in the town, and there's Walmart, Safeway and Canadian Tire outside the town. It only takes 25 minutes drive. What we need is just shuttle bus the the mall.

On the contrary, the nearest zoo is 150 kilometers away and we don't have many recreational equipments for kids. A recreational park with slides and swings might be a good option. Besides, an unleash area can help our dogs to have fun and run. Besides, I really hope that we don't need to cut of the trees. Natural environment is one of the major reason I move to this town. I'll be really sad if you cut off all these trees and turn it to another large building.

Finally, I have to say that no matter A or B. I really love that area. I saw a lynx in it before. Please try to make minimum change and left some space for those wild animals.

Thanks.
=====

Speaking: 
一般是60秒~90秒
60秒只需要3個選項
First, Second, The Last

90秒通常3~4個

1:選擇
First, Second, Moreover, Last but not least.
 conclusion



Talk about one of your best friends.

A friend is looking for a summer job. Advise him about different ways he can find work for the summer.

1: linkedIn
2: stackoverflow
3: some other website facebook
4: job affairs in your school
...etc


first, Second, Moreover

Talk about a great time you had with a family member or friend. Maybe you can talk about a party, something you did together at school, a time you travelled with a friend, or anything else you can remember. What happened and why was it memorable?

1: go to the rockies
2: see a lot of animals
3: watch a lot of spectualar view , falls 


Describe some things that are happening in the picture below as well as you can. The person with whom you are speaking cannot see the picture.

teacher ,parents

white board and 


In this picture, what do you think will most probably happen next?

1: teacher come in
announce something


our family is relocating to another area, and you are looking for a new home there. You found two suitable options. Using the pictures and information below, choose the option that you prefer. In the next section, you will need to persuade a family member that your choice is the better choice.

If you do not choose an option, the computer will choose one for you. You do not need to speak for this part.


One , second, moreover
last but not least 




A close cousin who lives in another country is coming to visit for a year. She tells you that she would like to stay at your place to explore your country’s culture and to spend some time with you. Your roommate does not agree, and says you will have to move out if she comes. 

Choose ONE:
EITHER
Talk to your cousin. Explain why she cannot move in for a year.
OR
Talk to your roommate. Explain why your cousin should be allowed to move in with you for a year.


1: all boys, 
2: limited washroom space


First, Second. Last


Question: Do you think that young adults should pay rent to their parents if they do not move out by the age of 21? Explain your reasons. 


1: economy independent

2: train yourself

3: more over 

last but not least


You are in a furniture store and you see a table you would like to buy, but the store clerk won’t let you take a photo. Phone a member of your family. Provide a full and clear description of the table and ask if you can buy the table.

1: banana leg
2: waterlemon top
3: size is suitable for 