Tele-education/Distance education 遠距教學 (朗文雅思應考聖經 P106)

1: Tele-education improves the flexibility of learning in terms of space, time, choice of content or teaching resources.

2: Distance education improves access to educational systems from a distance.
	access to educational systems: 受教權

3: Tele-education enables flexible interaction between the learner and the teacher/tutor.
	flexible interaction: 彈性的互動

4: Distance education opens up vocational options for people who, for a variety of reasons, are unable to attend conventional training centres.

	vocational adj職業的
	vocational options: 就業選擇
	conventional: 常規的= common
5: Tele-education caters to the special needs of people with disabilities, for there are no physical barriers because there is no need to travel.
	people with disabilities: 身心障礙人士 = disability = Handicapped(較不禮貌，不常用)

6: Distance education offers the flexibility to study in their own home, at their own pace and at a time that suits them. Each user can develop his/her own learning pace.
	learning pace: 學習節奏

9: Tele-education makes lifelong study possible.
	lifelong study: 終身學習 = lifelong learning

10: Tele-education caters to the needs of different learners.
	cater to: 符合、迎合
		ex: 
		I'm in the catering business - among other things - and I will be most glad to cater your 
		dinner or lunch or whatever.

		The school's rising student population means that the school needs to extend in order to cater to demand.

14: An online university will enable many more people to get a degree.

15: Tele-education lets the lower socio-economic groups have the same access.
	socio-economic: 社會經濟 

21: The advent of the information age, computers, interactive capabilities of networks and video-conferencing, all of which can more easily link teachers, school boards, students etc.

	interactive capabilities of networks: 網路的互動性
	video conference: 視訊會議


22: Technology is getting better and better, which means that distance education is becoming easier and more interactive; and that it can reach more people , and more easily cross economic geographic, gender and social boundaries, with a much broader range of subjects.


26: Not having to commute adds as much extra time to the day as several hours a week for some students.
	commute: 通勤
27: Distance education cn also accommodate disabled students who often find it difficult to access educational opportunities.
	accommodate: 1:容納 2: 遷就
		ex: New students may be accommodated in halls of residence.
			formal There wasn't enough space to accommodate the files.

	    to give what is needed to someone:
	    ex: 
	    	The new policies fail to accommodate the disabled.

28: To school administrators, distance education is alluring, because it can lower costs and help their institutions modernise and "get-digital"
	allure: 引誘、誘惑(v. n.)


Against: 

1: Face-to-face contact can never be replaced.
	Face-to-face contact: 面對面接觸

2: It may lead to some side-effects including psychological problems such as isolation, selfishness, self-centeredness, introvertedness, egoism, stubbornness.
	selfishness: 自私
	self-centeredness: 自我中心
	introvertedness: 內向
	egoism = egotism: 自我主義、 ego:自我, egocentric: 自我中心
	stubbornness: 頑固

3: Students receiving tele-education to be socially unadaptable, lacking the necessary interpersonal skills.
	socially unadapatable: 社會適應不良
	lacking of the necessary interpersonal skills: 缺乏人際交往技巧

4: Students fail to cultiviate teamwork spirit, cooperation and competition.
	cultivate: 培養 = foster, train, nurture

