在朗文雅思應考聖經

p97 
Education 

打工的利弊
Pros:
1: It helps cultivate independence and develop a strong sense of responsibility. Every Job teaches responsibility.

	培養獨立性cultivate independence

2: It fosters a sense of competition and cooperation, which is quite necessary in one's future career.

	培養競爭與合作精神fosters a sense of competition and cooperation

3: It builds up one's confidence and offers one a sense of achievement/a sense of accomplishment because one can realize his value and capability

	builds up one's confidence 樹立信心
	offers one a sense of achievement/a sense of accomplishment 　讓人有成就感

注意上面前三段：雖然都是增加能力，但是使用了不同的動詞foster/build up/enhance/cultivate ...etc

4: I t enhances one's social awareness and helps one become more socially adaptable. Taking up any type of part-time job, be it in high school or college, will prepare you for the real world.


5: It helps them to realize that it is not easy to make money and gets them in the good habit of being frugal.

	frugal adj: 節儉

6: Students can learn to cooperate and comprise and master interpersonal skills needed for future success.

	cooperate and comrise 合作與妥協
	interpersonal skills 人際交往技巧
8: It can wide one's horizon. It is a real eye opener. 
	可以增廣見聞，令大大開眼界。

9: Spending time in college is not only about the academics. It is also not only about the drinking and the partying. College is about preparing yourself for the real orld, and making sure that you are ready to make the decisions that will be necessary later on in life.

	drinking and the partying  吃喝玩樂
	later on：稍後的。


15: In looking for a part-time job, it would be helpful to narrow down jobs to what would best suit your personality.

16: It is those students who show motivation and enthusiasm towards their jobs that succeed in the long run
	最後會成功的人就是那些對工作展現動機跟熱忱的人

19: Working part-time while attending college can easily be done, if you are disciplined and budget your time accordingly.
	Budget your time accordingly. 安排好時間
	you are disciplined 你是自律的人

22: Work and school do not have to conflict. In fact, you can find ways to make your job and your schooling complement each other.
	complement each other: 互補

	complement :補充
	compliment: 稱贊

24: Temporary work allows you to gain office and clerical experience while making a good amount of money. Along with gaining job experience, you are able to meet some really great people.  you can even getletters of recommendations from your supervisors.
	clerical expeience:文書經驗
	letters of recommendations 推薦信

Cons:
1: Someone who is focused on school work may find that a job is simply taking away too much time from homewrok and studying.

	is focused on :專注於
2: On the negative side, a part-time job can really interfere with your free time and cut into your studies and social life.  
	interfere with ：干擾
	cut into ：打斷

3: If your major requires considerable studying and research, you may not be able to give up the necessary time to work. you might have to reduce your course load, in order to squeeze in some time to work
	considerable studying and research：長時間的研讀跟研究
	squeeze in some time:擠出時間

	squeeze in: idiom: To manage to make room or time for someone or something in a tight space or schedule by or as if by exerting pressure

4: The other problem is fitting your work around your class schedule. It is difficult to find a way to balance your school and work schedules.

5: Part time jobs may exert a negative impact on one's study because it occupies much of a student's valuable time. A student's sole task is to make good use of his/her limited time to acquire knowledge and skills which are essential to his/her future career.

	exert:發揮…影響 = affect 
	(後面通常是加impact, influence, pressure等詞)

6: As students are not mature enough some may be vulenrable to some social evils and may easily go astray. They can not disinguish right from wrong
	distinguish right from wrong: 明辯是非
	go astray：誤入歧途

7: It is unavoidable that they will become money-oriented and sometimes spiritually contaminated.
	spirtually contaminated: 精神上受到污染
	money-oriented ：唯利是圖

8: A bulging purse sometimes can easily turn one from the pursuit of knowledge to the pursuit of money.
	bulging: adj. 突起的
	pulging purse: 突起的錢包(意指很多錢)
	turn sb from ... to ...將人從…轉換為…

9: When working more, problems such as a high stress level, more susceptibility to illness and poor grades may afflict students.

	afflict: 折磨
	a high stress level(壓力大)
	susceptibility to illness 易生病
	susceptible: 容易受感染
	suspect: v:疑似
10: Students who work a lot may lose sight of the reasons they are at the university--to be students, to learn, explore and have fun.
	lose sight of sth. 忽略  forget about an important idea or fact because you are thinking too much about other things:

11: Even if you can scrape by and pass your classes, you are not getting the same education.
	scrape: v.刮、刮掉
	scrape by (idiom)to have only enough money to pay for the basic things you need
					在這裡指低空飛過、剛好及格
12: While working so many hours, one may fall behind in his/her classes.
	fall behind in sb's class. 課業落後

13:Although one may budget his/her time to get the homework done, working so many hours may cause his/her social life and grades to suffer somewhat.

15: Their social experience may lead them to the false conception that it is no use receiving education at school. This may raise doubts about the necessity of a formal education.


Hidden Figure 裡的台詞：
	Despite what you may think, I have nothing against you.
	I know. I know you probably believe that.





