Study abroad  

Advantages:

1: Studying abroad give you new challenges, new opportunities, new experiences and new friends.

2:You can learn advanced science and technology.

*4: One can broaden one's scope of knowledge /widen one's horizon/ broden one's mind.
 (重要句子)

5: You can experience a new culture.

6: You can develop a far broader outlook on life than those remaining home.

	outlook on life: 人生觀
7: You can become fluent in a foreign language.

8: You can have better prospects/promising future.
	prospect: 前景、展望
	promising future: 大好的未來
9: You can develop interpersonal skills and learn to be independent.
	interpersonal skills: 人際交往能力

10： By looking at one's own country from the outside, one can best see the strengths and weakness of one's motherland. 
	從外部看自己的國家，祖國的優缺點一覽無遺

11: Studying abroad gives you a once in a lifetime chance to learn in world-class institutions with the latest technology, and to be a part of an exciting, dynamic cluture.
	a once in a lifetime chance: 一生僅一次的機會

13: Living in an ethnically diverse country is an plus.
	ethnically diverse country: 種族多元化的國家

	ethnic: 種族、民族
	ethnically diverse: 種族多元性 (固定用法，不可以用diversity, diverfication)

	ethic: 道德觀念
14: It is an intellectually and culturally stimulating study environment.
	stimulating  激勵

18: If you want to try something new or experience a new culture, this is the time for you to take advantage of your formative year and really have fun.
	take advantage of: 1:善用、好好使用
	formative year: 人格成熟時期

*19: The benefits of overseas study are well documented. Overseas students are often described as more confident and independent than their homeland counterparts. These qualities will help you to stand out from the crowd and form some of the core competencies looked for by employers later on life. 

	stand out from the crowd:鶴立雞群，脫穎而出
	core competencies: 核心能力

	competency: 能力、才幹 = ability
		ex: Her competence as a teacher is unquestionable.

20: Overseas study lets you immerse yourself in a country and really get to know the language and its culture rom the insdie.
	immerse: 沉浸

21: Overseas study is now an immense asset in the competitive job market. Some of the qualities gained from going abroad include greater global awareness, language learning, cross-cultural communication, enhanced independence, improved self-confidence and adaptability.

	an immense asset: 重大資產 
	immense: adj: 巨大的＝huge, enormous,

23: It will change your life and put you a step ahead of the rest. Studying abroad can offer you an exciting, challenging and valuable opportunity. It will broaden your view of the world and those around you. It's a valuable experience and one that you will never forget 
	put you a step ahead of the rest 領先他人一步

24: The qualities you develop will help to from some of the core competencies valued by employers. Employers want graduates who can work well in teams, think independently, communicate effectively and make informed decisions, all of which you will learn from overseas study.
	core competencies :核心競爭能力
	work well in teams, think independently, communicate effectively and make informed decisions
	團隊精神、獨立思考、有效溝通、做明智選擇(決定)

26: The experience you have and the people you meet will provide you with many lifelong memories that you'll cherish forever.



Disadvantages

1: The country may suffer a brain drain /outflow of talents, because many of them won't return after graduation.	
	a brain drain/outflow of talents 人才流失/人才外流

	drain: v:排水  n: 水溝

2: Overseas students may suffer from psychological probelms: loneliness, homesickness, disorientation, depression and inferiority complex.
	disorientation: 迷惑 (orientation:方向：disorientation: 迷失方向)

3: They may have a great financial strain: costly tuition fees and higher living expenses. Managing on a limited budget is a challenge for most, but it is especially so for people living in an unfamiliar  environment. Students may have to pay for education and living expenses, find a resonable place to live and, in some cases, a part-time job to supplement any scholarship or money from home.

	costly tuition fee: 昂貴的學費 (可以用costly代替high)

4: They may have language barrier. Some find it haad t ofollow the native speakers and can not quite understand what the teachers say in class. Even some of the students who have been educated in an English language school have problems communicating freely at university level. Many students find reading and writing in English especially difficult. Participating in classroom discussion, and asking questions of staff often produce difficulties.
	language barrier 語言障礙

5: They may experience culture shock for lack of adequate knowledge of the customs and the lifestyle of the local people. Differences in the style and traditions of learning betwen western and Asian countries frequently cause difficulties.
	culture shock ：文化衝擊
	adequate: adj 充足的  
*7: They may have experiences of racial intolerance and the relatively low level of contact that overseas students have with local people. Students often report being uncomfortable about generalized discrimination, such as graffiti and lack of meaningful contact with locals.
	graffiti 塗鴨 
	racial intolerance: 種族偏執
	discrimination : 歧視

8: They are immature and are vunlerable to social evils.

10: Many students are not used to looking after themselves. At home, parents and family usually assist them in coping with shopping, cooking personal finances and generally managing their affairs. Overseas, all of these things must be done without the family's support.

11: When returning to one's motherland, one may suffer from so-called reverse culture shock.
	reverse culture shock: 反向文化衝擊

	look after:照顧=take care


相似詞：

	ethic: 道德觀念
	ethnic: 種族、民族

	ethnical: 種族的
	ethnical: 道德上的。

	immerse: v.沉浸
	immense: 巨大的＝huge, enormous