288字高分詞   不需要全部記住，把自己比較會用到的詞記錄下來即可

培養： 

cultivate  (usually plants) 培養、種殖
	ex: Most of the land there is too poor to cultivate.
        The villagers cultivate mostly maize and beans.
        maize= corn=玉米

foster (usually for child)
    ex: Would you consider fostering (a child)?

nurture (注意是nur，而不是nu)   (can be use in child or plants)
    ex: She wants to stay at home and nurture her children.
	    a carefully nurtured garden

保進學生身心發展：promote the student's physical, mental (or intellectual) and emotional development

心裡健康 pshychological soundnes (or well-being/ welfare)

welfare: 1:心裡健康  the state of being happy, healthy, or successful​
		 2:福利: for poor or unemployed people that helps pay for their food, housing, medical costs, etc.

   ex: He wants to do away with welfare.
       She donates to organizations concerned about animal welfare.

       Its bosses say they are looking to reduce sugar and fat for the health and welfare of us all.

學習能力(先天)
    aptitude
    talent

    ex:The new test is supposed to measure the aptitudes of the students.
學習能力(後天) 
    skill
    ex: employable skills, marketable skills(就業技能)

學校教育 schooling(n.)
家庭教育 upbringing/ parenting

ex: she had had a Christian upbringing.

青少年：
   adolescents /ˌæd.əˈles.ənt/ 
   youngsters  (usually 10~16)
   youths

ex: He looked uncomfortable, like a self-conscious adolescent who's gone to the wrong party.
    Scott leaped to the rescue when he spotted the youngster in difficulty.
	The old man talked about the departed triumphs of his youth.

    leap:飛躍、跳入 (leap to the rescue:加入救援隊)


傳授知識：impart (or inclucate) knowledge 
  impart傳授、傳遞
  inculcate: /ˈɪŋ.kʌl.keɪt/傳輸 (especially in mind)
  instill 灌輸
  educate
  give knowledge 
  teach

  ex: Our coach has worked hard to inculcate a team spirit in/into the players.
      instill high moral values(灌輸高尚的道德觀)
      she was told how to instill eye drops
      give the students inspiration(給學生靈感)
      teaching methodology(教學法)

適應 
    adapt to sth
    adjust oneself to sth
    become accustomed to sth
    get used to sth (習慣了)

    ex: I'm not accustomed to being treated like this.

    adaptability：適應能力
      ex: This car is the perfect mix of comfort, adaptability, 



force-feed the students：填鴨式教法教學生

學生不應該只是複動接受知識的容器
   Students should not be treated as passive receptacles of predigested ideas.

死記硬背
    learn things by rote
為了記憶而記憶
	memorise for memorization's own sake
責任感
	a sense of obligation/duty/responsiblity

記憶方程式、公式、定理、定律
memoize equations, formulas, theorems and laws.

盲從：
   follow sth. blindly
   follow sth. indiscriminately

   indiscriminate: 不分青紅皂白的: not showing careful thought or planning
     = inconsiderate

extinguish 撲滅、熄滅 to cause the end or death of (something)
	extinguish(or stifle/constrain) creativity 限制創造力

beget/create undue pressure 產生不必要的壓力
  beget: 產生 = create = happen
  ex: Poverty begets hunger, and hunger begets crime.

dampen (or sap) the students' enthusiasm  打擊學生的積極性
  = frustrate the students

  dampen: 挫傷, 
  ex: nothing could dampen her enthusiasm

把學生分開教育 segregate students

segregate: 分開、分離
  ex: hazardous waste needs to be segregated from ordinary trash
  hazardous:危險的

adverse circumstances/adversity 逆境

 ex:She was always cheerful in adversity.

curriculum (n.) 課程(總稱) the subjects studied in a school
syllabus:  課程內容 the subjects or books to be studied in a particular course
		   課程大綱 an outline of the subjects 
  ex: The syllabus covers various aspects of physical and organic chemistry.

extra-curricular activities 課外活動

a school is society in miniature. 學校是社會的縮影

不遵守記律(n) 
    indiscipline
    misbehavior
    mischief  (更像是惡作劇)

discipline:記律
	They betray constitutional indiscipline and lack real constitutional courage.
	constitutional n.憲法 adj.構成=composing

disruptive students: 違反記律的學生
disruptive: causing trouble 破壞性的
	ex: His teacher described him as a noisy, disruptive influence in class.

generalist 通才  反. specialist 專長

全面發展的、
	well-rounded
	versatile  (多才多藝的)
	ex: This jacket is very versatile - you can dress it up for the evening.

basic sciences:基楚科學
applied sciences: 應用科學

小、中、大學教育  prmary-level, secondary-level, tertiary-level education
職業教育： vocational education(training)
    vocational:職業、專業
    ex:
	The Swedes regard vocational training as a part of a youngster's education.
	Swedes:瑞典人
	regard:看待 = treat



