IELTS 寫作36基礎句型

前進類(advantage使用)
1:  Benefit from : 從…當中獲益 
	Many children who suffer from this illness will benefit from the new treatment.

	注意
	be benefit to 跟 be benefit from 兩個主、受詞剛好相反，不要用錯。

2: invest in: 
	The government should invest a large proportion of its budget in helping the needy, despite the economic recession.

	the economic recession：經濟衰退。

	synonym: subsidise/sponsor/allocate money to
	antonym: withdraw/suspend the funding of ...

3: promote the development of...促進…的發展
	Even though the city has invested millions of pounds in museums and art galleries, it has done little to promote the development of education and medical care.

	synonym: facilitate the development of .../ is a main contributer to...

4: boost efficiency /productivity 提高效率/生產率
   The main question about high-tech education is whether it actually boosts the efficiency and the effectiveness of learning.

5: play a pivotal role in ... 在…中起關鍵作用
 Vitamins and minerals play a pivotal role in keeping our body healthy; therefore, children and adults a like should eat more vegetables that are rih in various vitamins and minerals.

類似句型：
	play a crucial / essential role in...

6: enrich one's social/academic/professional experience 豐富…社會/學術/職業的經歷
  Working for a period before going to university can greatly enrich students' social experience and make them more capable in university.

  synonym: expand one's outlook/vision 開闊某人的視野
  antonym: limit/ restrict one's vision 

7: keep society safe and stable 保持社會穩定
  Harmony keeps society safe and stable while conflict disturbs social order.

  harmony:和諧

  synonym: maintain social stability
8: have a duty/ obligation to do... 有責任做…
	In most European countries, parents have a legal obligation to ensure that their children receive proper education.

	synonym: be obligated to do sth./ be accountable for...
	antonym: be attempt from doing sth. 被免除某種責任：比如paying taxes
9: relax their bodies and ease their minds. 讓人放鬆身心
    children not only need opportunities to acquire knowledge, they need time to relax their bodies and ease their minds as well.

    synonym: afford sb. entertainment and pleasure.
    比較：recreational activities/leisure activities 休閒活動

10:  be based on 基於…
	Discipline should be based on a positive, loving parent -- child relationship instead of on force and punishment.

	antonym: lay the foundation for .../ lay the groundwork for...為：打好基楚。
11: generate employment opportunities 創業就業機會
	International tourism can generate employment opportunities. On the other hand, it may damage the cultural heritage of a nation.

	synonym: stimulate the job market.
	antonym: reduce employment opportunities

12: be less time-consuming and more economical 省錢又省時間的
	Contrary to the popular belief, advertising makes our shopping experience neither less-time consuming nor economical.

	synonym: be more efficient and cost-effective

13: relieve one's academic/financial/psychological burden 減輕某人的 學業/經濟/心裡負擔
	Part-time jobs help students to relieve their parents' financial burdens. Nevertheless, working on a part-time basis may create psychological burdens for the students themselves.

	synonym: relieve proverty/ pain/traffic congestion 減輕貧困/痛苦/交通堵塞

14: fulfill one's potential 發揮人的潛力
	Employees may feel they can not fulfill their professional potential when their work is not valued by their employers.

	synonym: achieve one's potential
	antonym: restrict one's potential

15: remove the barrier for 為(發展、交流等)消除障礙
    machine transaltion has removed the barrier for communication between people who do not share the same language.

    antonym: be a hindrance to / be a hurdle to / be an impediment to / be an obstacle to  對…構成阻礙

16: promote the cultural communication and interaction between... and ... 促進...互相了解
    contribute towards the mutual understanding between ... and ...促進…相互了解。

17: curb the proliferation of 控制(犯罪、污染、媒體的有害內容等)的擴散
	The government should take immediate measures to curb the proliferation of pollution, regardless of the costs it may involve.
	synonym: ban/prohibit /eliminate th.

18: raise people's awareness of 提高人們的某種意識
	The media can raise the public awareness of the alarming rise in youth crime.

	synonym: disseminate /diffuse knowledge about... 傳播某方面的知識

19: has the inherent advantage of ... 有某方面的內在優勢
	Teaching students in groups has the inherent advantage of enabling schools to use their equipment and facilities more efficiently.

	synonym: be superior to...  比…更有優勢的
	antonym:  be inferior to ... 不如…的  never manage to reach a comparable level. 不能相提並論


倒退類(驗證disadvantage的方面)
1:  live in proverty/misery/frustration/anxiety 生活在貧窮/困苦/沮喪/焦慮中
	Living in misery, the citizens in these improverished countries claim that industrial nations have the obligation to supply financial aid, which can lift them out of poverty.

	synonym: lead a improverished /miserable/frustrated life

2: drive up the crime rate: 導致犯罪率上升
	The widespread gun scenes and pornography in films may make young viewers more violent. As a consequence, these scenes tend to drive up youngsters' crime rate.

	synonym: fuel the surge in crime 
	antonym: lower the crime rate
		fuel: 在這做動詞，表示加燃料、增加
		surge: 波動、湧動
3: the competition is increasingly stiff 競爭愈來愈激烈
	The economic competition between countries is increasingly stiff, which has made the governments more protective of their domestic market.
	同樣的例句也可以將competition 改成be increasingly competitive

4: To avoid..., people should...為了避免…，人們應該…
	To avoid the extinction of these species, we should stop disturbing the ecological balance on our planet.

5: widen the gap between A and B 加大A與B之間的差距
	At present, the technology available to individual is actually widening the gap between the wealthy and the needy rather than narrowing it.

	synonym: aggravate the gap between A and B
	antonym: narrow/ bridge the gap between 

6: stem from (某種壞現象) 起源於…  to start or develop as the result of something:
	Generally speaking, children's bad behavior stems from imitating their parents'.
	Her problems stem from her difficult childhood.
	Their disagreement stemmed from a misunderstanding.

	imitate: 模仿
	stem: 莖 

7: pose a threat to ...  對…構成威脅
	The weapons that a country possesses do not just pose a threat to other countries. They pose a very real threat to their owner as well.
	possess: 擁有、具有

8: stifle creativity/imagination 扼殺創造力/ 想象力
	The traditional approach (做某事的方法) to education in some Asian countries seriously stifles students' creativity and imagination.

	antonym: foster /stimulate creativity 培養/激發創造力。

9: find ... monotonous and unmotivating  發現某事物很單調而且無法給人動力。
	Young students tend to find traditional schooling monotonous and unmotivating.

	synonym: find ... neither attractive nor productive
	antonym: find ... highly stimulating

10: diminish individuals' leisure time 減少人們的休閒時間。
	The accelerating pace of life seriously diminishes individual's leisure time and may even cause mental illnesses.

	contrast: drive away individuals' loneliness (某種娛樂) 驅散人們的寂寞
11: There is a dfinite link between A and B   A跟B有密切聯繫
	There is a definite link between the rising rate of obesity and the increasing consuption of fast food

	antonym: There is no correlation between A and B

12: spin out of control 失去控制
	The Greek financial crisis is spinning out of control and spilling over to other European countries.

	spill over 傳播到

	antonym: keep ... under tight control  對…嚴加控制

13: cause tension and conflicts between ... and ... 在…和…之間產生緊張和沖突
	Cultural differences between the tourists and the local residents may cause tension and conflicts between them.

	antonym: ease the tension between A and B

14: be overly dependent on 對某事過度依賴
	Technology has made individuals overly dependent on it, which has led to more sedentary (長時間不運動的) lifestyle and less face-to-face communication.

	antonym: be independent of... 不依賴… (注意是of，不是on)

15: have a detrimental influence upon 對…有負面的影響
	Apparently, long-distance flights have a detrimental influence upon the environment, even though they are by far the most efficient way of traveling.

	這句型可用來替換be harmful to  還可以用來替換的：
	undermine sth./ put ... at risk/ be damaging to ..

16: the population is booming 人口在激增
	Whereas the population has been booming in many Asian countries, the birth rate in some European counties remains consistently low.

	whereas: 1: 然而:  compared with the fact that;but:
	          (類似於however)
	         2: 導言：introduction 

		He must be about 60, whereas his wife looks about 30.
		You eat a huge plate of food for lunch, whereas I have just a sandwich.

17: is markedly incompatible with 與…明顯不協調
	The design of modern buildings often turns out to be markedly incompatible with historical surroundings in terms of the materials, form the colors.

	synonym: be incongruous with
	anotnym: be consistent with

18: It is manifest that...
 	這是顯而易見的…








