the Seven: 常錯的七大類型文法錯誤。

文法：
高分技巧: 同一篇文章中，不要只固定使用簡單句或是複合句，多一些變化(加上連接詞、中間加上一、兩個複雜句…etc) 多變的文法可以拿高分

Seven   英文最常犯的七大文法錯誤

1:可屬名詞永遠不能單獨使用
ex:
	Employee can get more benefits from telecommuting than employer.

問題：所有的可屬名詞，均需要加上限定詞或是ｓ
	如The/an/a/this/that/my/your
正解：
	Employees can get more benefits from telecommuting than the employer.


2: 動詞的使用時態：

動詞不能當作主語：

2.1 Wrong
Work at home using modern technology can greatly enhance our efficiency.
(應該改為Working 或是To work)

Correct:
	Working at home using modern technology can greatly enhance our efficiency.

2.2 Wrong
Children who are raise in improverished families can generally deal with problems
more effectively in their adult years.
(are 後面要加ing或是d/ed  不能加原形動詞)

Correct ，改成raised
	Children who are raise in improverished families can generally deal with problems
	more effectively in their adult years.


2.3 Wrong
The problems that are created by environmental contamination is very hard to resolve

詞性錯誤，The Problems是複數，不能用is
Correct: 改成are
The problems that are created by environmental contamination are very hard to resolve


2.4: Wrong
 Many students are like studying home economics.
雙動詞

correct:
Many students like studying home economics.

2.5 Wrong:
	In present-day society, cultures were becoming very similar.
	時態前後不同
	(另外：議論文裡不常使用過去式)
	正確：　were 改成are
Correct:
	In present-day society, cultures are becoming very similar.

3: 動詞後是接副詞
	Intelligent students should not be treated different by their teachers.
	correct
	Intelligent students should not be treated differently by their teachers.

4:  介系詞用錯

	Countries should pay attention on the disadvantages globalizaton may create.

Pay attention 後面只能加to 
	Correct:
		Countries should pay attention to the disadvantages globalizaton may create.

常見的還有
	reason for
	solution to/for (只有在極少數的數學等特殊情況用for,大多數只能用to)

	ex: 
		10 Good Reasons For Leaving A Job.

		解決方法或方程式的解答，英文叫做 the solution to the problem 或 the solution to the equation，亦即 solution 後面慣用的介系詞是 to。然而，若是要求出方程式中某個未知數的值，那麼 solution 後面的介系詞必須用 for。

		ex: 
			Solutions to Debt Problems 
			Solutions to win
			The solution for y in the equation (a) is 5. (求出方程式(a) 中 y 的值是5)

5: 代名詞單、複數
	Some parents do not obey traffic rules himself.

	正確：himself 應該改成themselves
	Some parents do not obey traffic rules themselves.


6: 沒有加上連接詞
	Some people think the internet only has positive impact, other people think it also has negative influence on our lives.

	兩句句子以上，要加上連接詞，需要加上while
	(書上介紹應該是要加上while，但我覺得用but比較好)
	正確：
	Some people think the internet only has positive impact but other people think it also has negative influence on our lives.

7: 
	There are a great many children think the main purpose of education should be to afford them pleasure and enjoyment.
   There be句型後面的名詞，要再加上動詞時需要用ing
   	把think 改成thinking

   正確
   	There are a great many children thinking the main purpose of education should be to afford them pleasure and enjoyment.





