http://youralways.pixnet.net/blog/post/2500181-%E9%9B%85%E6%80%9D%E5%AF%AB%E4%BD%9C%E5%BF%85%E8%83%8C200%E5%8F%A5


　According to a recent survey ,four-million people die each year from diseases linked to smoking.
　　依照最近的一項調查,每年有4,000,000人死於與吸煙相關的疾病.

　　The latest surveys show that quite a few children have unpleasant associations with homework.
　　最近的調查顯示相當多的孩子對家庭作業沒什麼好感.

　　No invention has received more praise and abuse than Internet.
　　沒有一項發明像互聯網同時受到如此多的讚揚和批評.

People seem to fail to take into account the fact that education does not end with graduation.
　　人們似乎忽視了教育不應該隨著畢業而結束這一事實.
　　
Many experts point out that physical exercise contributes directly to a person's physical fitness.
　　許多專家指出體育鍛煉直接有助於身體健康.

Nowadays ,many students always go into raptures at the mere mention of the coming life of high school or college they will begin. Unfortunately ,for most young people ,it is not pleasant experience on their first day on campus.
　　當前,一提到即將開始的學校生活,許多學生都會興高采烈.然而,對多數年輕人來說,校園剛開始的日子並不是什麼愉快的經歷.
　　
In view of the seriousness of this problem ,effective measures should be taken before things get worse.
　　考慮到問題的嚴重性,在事態進一步惡化之前,必須採取有效的措施.

　　Proper measures must be taken to limit the number of foreign tourists and the great efforts should be made to protect local environment and history from the harmful effects of international tourism.
　　應該採取適當的措施限制外國旅遊者的數量,努力保護當地環境和歷史不受國際旅遊業的不利影響.

　　An increasing number of experts believe that migrants will exert positive effects on construction of city .However ,this opinion is now being questioned by more and more city residents ,who complain that the migrants have brought many serious problems like crime and prostitution.
　　越來越多的專家相信移民對城市的建設起到積極作用.然而,越來越多的城市居民卻懷疑這種說法,他們抱怨民工給城市帶來了許多嚴重的問題,象犯罪和賣淫.

　　Many city residents complain that it is so few buses in their city that they have to spend much more time waiting for a bus ,which is usually crowded with a large number of passengers.
　　許多市民抱怨城市的公車太少,以至於他們要花很長時間等一輛公車,而車上可能已滿載乘客.

　　There is no denying the fact that air pollution is an extremely serious problem :the city authorities should take strong measures to deal with it.
　　無可否認，空氣污染是一個極其嚴重的問題：城市當局應該採取有力措施來解決它。

　　An investigation shows that female workers tend to have a favorable attitude toward retirement.
　　一項調查顯示婦女歡迎退休.
　　
A proper part-time job does not occupy student's too much time .In fact ,it is unhealthy for them to spend all of time on their study .As an old saying goes :All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy
　　一份適當的業餘工作並不會佔用學生太多的時間,事實上,把全部的時間都用到學習上並不健康,正如那句老話:只工作,不玩耍,聰明的孩子會變傻.
　　
Any government which is blind to this point may pay a heavy price.
　　任何政府忽視這一點都將付出巨大的代價.

An increasing number of people are beginning to realize that education is not complete with graduation.
　　越來越多的人開始意識到教育不能隨著畢業而結束.
　　
When it comes to education ,the majority of people believe that education is a lifetime study.
　　說到教育,大部分人認為其是一個終生的學習.

　　The majority of students believe that part-time job will provide them with more opportunities to develop their interpersonal skills ,which may put them in a favorable position in the future job markets.
　　大部分學生相信業餘工作會使他們有更多機會發展人際交往能力,而這對他們未來找工作是非常有好處的.

　　It is indisputable that there are millions of people who still have a miserable life and have to fact the dangers of starvation and exposure.
　　無可爭辯,現在有成千上萬的人仍過著挨餓受冬的痛苦生活.

	starvation: 飢餓
	exposure: 曝露
　　
Although this view is widely held ,there is little evidence that education can be obtained at any age and at any place.
　　儘管這一觀點被廣泛接受,很少有證據表明教育能夠在任何地點任何年齡進行.

No one can deny the fact that a person's education is the most important aspect of his life.
　　沒有人能否人這一事實:教育是人生最重要的一方面.
　　
People equate success in life with the ability of operating computer .
人們把會使用電腦與人生成功相提並論.
 
雅思寫作真題薈萃
 

　　雅思寫作，其實寫來寫去就是那麼幾種題型，從今天開始，大家跟著我一起來練寫作，不寫你一定後悔：）
　　1、 Some young children spend a great amount of their time practicing sports. Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of this. Use specific reasons

　　2、 It is sometimes said that borrowing money from a friend can harm or damage the friendship. Do you agree? Why or why not? Use reasons and examples in your answer.
　　3、 Every generation of people is different in important ways. How is your generation different from your parents' generation? Use specific reasons and examples to explain your answer.
　　4、 Some people pay money for the things they want or need. Other people trade products or goods for what they need. Compare the advantages of these two ways of obtaining things. Which way do you prefer? Explain why.
　　5、 Imagine that you have received some land to use as you wish. How would you use this land? Use specific details to explain your answer.
　　6、 Some people like doing work by hand. Others prefer using machines. Which do you prefer? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
　　7、 You want to persuade someone to study your native language. What reasons would you give? Support your answer with specific details.
　　8、 You have been asked to suggest improvements to a park that you have visited. This might be a city park. a regional park, or a national park. What improvements would you make? Why? Use specific reasons and examples to support your recommendations.
　　9、12辨證客觀思維題：Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? People should read only those books that are about real events, real people, and established facts. Use specific reasons and details to support your opinion.
　　9、11熟知問題：Films can tell us a lot about the country in which they were made. What have you learned about a country from watching its movies? Use specific examples and details to support your response.
　　9、10學校教育問題：Some people say that physical exercise should be a required part of every school day. Other people believe that students should spend the whole day on academic studies. Which opinion do you agree with? Give reasons to support your answer.
　　9、9常見選擇性題：Some people prefer to spend most of their time alone. Others like to be with friends most of the time. Do you prefer to spend your time alone or with friends? Give reasons to support your answer.
　　9、8西方關注變化題：If you could invent something new. what product would you develop? Use specific details to explain why this invention in needed.
　　9、7常見比較題：It has been said. "Not everything that is learned is contained in books." Compare and contrast knowledge gained from experience with knowledge gained from books. In your opinion, which source is more important? why?
　　9、6辨證客觀性思維題：
　　Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Playing a game is fun only when you win. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
　　9、5常見的比較性題目－－G類學生問為何不分開了，其實TASK2是一樣的　　
　　Because of developments in communication and transportation， countries are becoming more and more alike. How is your country becoming more similar to other places in the world? Use specific examples and details support your answer.
　　9、4西方人關注的"變化"題
　　If you could change one important thing about your hometown, what would you change? Use reasons and specific example to support your answer.
　　9、3關於學校和教育的話題
　　People attend colleges or universities for many different reasons (for example, new experiences, career preparation, increased knowledge). why do you think people attend colleges? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
　　9、2熟知問題篇
　　In general. people are living longer now. Discuss the causes of this phenomenon. Use specific reasons and detail to develop your essay.
　　9、1
　　A類：Over past 50 years, young people gain status and power but old people have lost. What is the cause and is it a good development or bad development?
　　G類：Task 1:
　　You and your family are living in a rented accommodation in an English-speaking country, You are not satisfied because there are something wrong with the furniture. So write a letter to the landlord and ask how to resole the problem.
　　Task 2:
　　Young people are exposed to a great amount of information such as film, book, Internet. In what ways they give bad influence on young people and explain the reason, how to reduce the bad influence with examples.
　　8、31
　　A類：Strong tradition對一個nation有civilize的作用do you think government should subsidizes the musicians, artists, actors or drama companies, do you agree or disagree, what should government do?
　　G類：People doing different kinds of work enjoy different amount of holiday time. Should people have the same amount of leisure time? Give your opinion using some of your own experience.
　　8、30
　　A類：Some people believe that a country should have the moral obligation to help the other country and some of the people think that exist the misspending of the government and the aid money can not be got by the poor. What is your opinion?
　　G類：Some people think that children's lives will be different from their own. What is your opinion? Explain the reasons by your experience and examples.
　　8、29
　　A類：Some people think that machine translation is highly developed in today's society, therefore it is not necessary for children to learn a foreign language. What's your opinion?
　　G類：Today some person has to work away from his family, what is the advantages and disadvantages? Give your opinion and some explanations of your experience.
　　8、28
　　A類：Someone say the age of book is past, the info will be presented by some multimedia tools such as video, computer, television and film , others think the book and the written words will be necessary for spread info & complete education. Discuss both sides and give your opinion.
　　G類：The culture of different countries are becoming similar so there is no point for people to go traveling abroad for they could have same experience at home agree or disagree.
　　8、27
　　A類：有些人把動物當作寵物，有些人則當作食物和衣服的資源，你覺的呢？請從以上兩個方面討論並寫出自己的觀點。
　　G類：居住在城市裏的和居住在農村裏的人的性格有什麼影響？舉例說明。
　　Your character is strongly influenced by the place where you grew up. -In what ways can growing up in a city or growing up in the countryside influenced people's character? Give you relative experiences.
　　8、26
　　A類：現在很多國家的學校都分男校和女校，談一下它的優缺點。
　　G類：有人認為National Costumes有助於保持傳統故認為人們要每天穿著National Costumes. Agree? Explain. In many countries, people don't wear their national costume. Many people think it will forget their history and tradition. So, people should be encouraged to wear national costume every day. You agree or disagree. (This is argument topic, u should support one or another)
　　8、25
　　A類：More and more women go out to work. It is responsibility of government to provide staff and facilities for children of working mother, free of charge. To what extent do you agree or disagree.
　　G類：現在的食物和cooking都在改變，請說明傳統食物改變原因和看法結合所在地方的情況舉例子。
　　8、24：
　　A類：現在很多國家的學校存在很嚴重的問題是由於學生的態度引起的這些問題是怎樣形成的？你有什麼建議來改變這種情況。
　　In many countries schools have several problems of students behavior, Please give some cause of it and some suggest.
　　G類：一些人認為母親不能同時出去工作和成為一個好母親，所以政府應該付給母親工資讓她們好好在家帶孩子。你的觀點？用你的例子和你的經驗說明。
　　8、23
　　A類：英國和國際旅遊業的流行會不會導致小語種和小民族的傷害
　　The spread of English and development of the international tourism have some negative effects to the country's language and
　　culture development? What extent do you agree or disagree?
　　G類：有人喜歡從事高風險運動如登山等，人們說不值得讓救援人員冒生命危險去救他們，他們應對生命負責，您持什麼觀點？舉例說明。
　　8、22
　　A類：體育專業是否應該拿錢比其他重要的專業多，兩方面討論，還要舉例子
　　Successful sports professionals earn a great deal much more than people in other important professions describe two views and your opinion.
　　G類：關於VIOLENT FILMS你有什麼看法對人有什麼影響根據你的經驗說說？
　　8、21
　　A類：寫某篇研究報導發現YOUNG WOMEN的犯罪率在升高，請給出一些POSSIBLE的理由和辦法
　　The rate of young women crimes is rising in the current society. What are the causes and how to solve it?
　　G類：Parent should limit children time of watching TV and playing computer game, others Insister children spend reading books, agree or disagree?
　　8、20
　　A類：Traveling abroad work for period of months or years, advantages or disadvantages to people and country
　　G類：Do you think people do different jobs they should have different time holiday
　　are you agree or disagree , give your reason an explain.
　　8、19
　　競爭與合作系列
　　some people said should not encourage sport at school because it will cause competition rather than co-operation. to what extend you agree with it?
