Question: In some countries young people are encouraged to work or travel for year between finishing high school and starting university studies.
Discuss the advantages and disadvantages for young people who decide to do this.

at least 250 words,




It's more often to see some people to have a gap year after they graduate from high school and before they enter to the college. It has both pros and cons. For my personal aspect, I am in favor of going out if they don't know what they exactly want. I'll disucss both of the view points below.

To start with, in my country, most of students only know how to study and how to pass the test. They really don't know what's their dream life and work.  Some students even don't understand the difference between software engineering and electric engineering. They just choose the department by the order. Therefore, to travel or work can really help them to know the real world. Moreover, traveling and working can borader their view and enlarge their personal resources. They can get more advice to help them choose what they want to learn and which department they want to enter. Actually, some MBAs only admit the students who have the really work experience. You can not make a cart behind closed doors. In the last. I would like to point out that some of the students have the economic pressure. To work for an year really release the pressure.

However, not all of people suits for the gap year. For some students who already make up their mind or they already know what they want to do, travleing or working for a year really waste their time. They can not get a good pay if they only graduate from high school. They may sacrifice their best time to study to get realy life things.
Besides, they may learn some bad habit for their future study. for instance, some people may learn to have alcohol or pursue the fashion too much. Some of them are not big deal, some of them are really bad for higher education.

Both ways has both their supporters. I would suggest that if the youngsters doesn't make up their mind, They'd better to have a gap year. But for some students who already make a draft of their career. They should go to the university directly.



