How to describe a picture

http://inside-out.xyz/canada/how-to-describe-a-picture-for-the-celpip-exam.html

Among many things, CELPIP exam is required to migrate to Canada if you are going to try for The English language. So I am writing about exercises you will have on it. One of the exercises CELPIP has is to describe a picture. So here it is how I did.
重點：
1: 全部用現在簡單式
2:筆記下來你要怎麼開場

3: Next: follow up, using present progessive：圖片的後續題目
	大多數時候要使用現在進行式 (未來式也盡量用be going to )
		He is going to 
		He is running...


1: 全部用現在簡單式

First you must speak all in simple present tense. Don't change your main tense, however, you can use expressions like: "I think he is coming from ...". So, my description would be like this:

	I see a picture in the plage. The sky is blue, there are no clouds. At the left, very far from here, there is a bush, then there are two palm trees. One seems to be far away and the other very close. The closest one has coconuts on it.

	At the right, there is a big blue wave. On that wave, there is a pirate ship. I know it is a pirate because the flag is black and it has a big darker X on it. It is all brown with black sails. There are four mice attached to the ship with a rope. They are not inside the water, they are coming out of it. They wear some pirate hats and they seem to be very tired as well.

	At the left-bottom corner, there is a native. He is brown with black curly hair. He has a white bone on his hair and he is holding his lance with the left hand. With the right hand, he is about to shoot kind of a dart to the mice.

2:筆記下來你要怎麼開場

Take note how I started, I took a technique far-to-here; I started to describe the general scenario and then I talked about the sky which it is far. It really doesn't matter how you do, but get an order. You could start from the front, or from the left. It really depends on the picture when you are doing the exam. But keep it in order.

The next related exercise will be to guess what is going to happen in that picture. Most part of this we are going to use the present progressive (he is going to ..., she is running) and you can mix with simple future. For example:

	I think the boat is going to be out of the water. The native is going to shoot the mice, but he is going to miss. As soon as the boat is out, mice are going to lay on the sand and the shoot is going to pass over them. The native is going to run when he realizes he has missed and finally, after a long nap, one of the mice will try to get the coconuts because they will be starving.

