Covid-19

unprecedent: 前所未有的、前所未見的

lockdown 封鎖
drastic: 劇烈的、誇張的
	A community lockdown may seem drastic, but experiences throughout the rest of the world clearly demonstrate how critical it is to act decisively and urgently."

confinement: 禁閉 (n)

pandemic: 大流行

EI: employment insurance：失業救劑金、失業保險

social distance： 社交距離
	You need to practice social distance when you go outside amid pandemic.


Calgary’s Spark science centre lays off 75% of its staff amid coronavirus pandemic.

amid: 在…之中

hand sanitizer 乾洗手液

	sanitizer: 消毒劑
	sanitize: v. 消毒

Sympathy: 同理心

quarantine: 隔離

evict
eviction: 驅逐 

issue tickets: (警察) 開罰單
	fine：罰金
	significant penalties 重大處罰

Up a notch  上升一個檔次 (升級)

There must be a special place in hell for people like that.
(Go to hell的文雅說法)

surgical mask:手術用口罩


The U.S. has the most confirmed coronavirus cases in the world with 82404 overtaking China, according 
to data compiled by Johns Hopkins.
	美國取代中國，成為最多確診武漢肺炎的國家

	overtaking: 取代、接管

COVID-19 spreads, it's crunch time for Alberta
	crunch:緊縮


You are not invincible. I guarantee you that you are not as fit as Idris Elba, and he's got the coronavirus. 你並非不可戰勝的，我跟你保證你不像伊德瑞絲那樣強壯，而且他染病了。

We are certainly in very unprecedented times.

They are people in the corner. (表示他們就在附近)

hospitalized. 住院
	3% people need to be hospitalized.

I’m coming after them with a vengeance. 
	vengeance = revenge: 復仇
	Price gougers could face jail time under new Ontario order.
		Price gougers: 哄抬價格的人

price gouging law 禁止價格哄抬法

My apologies for the tone. I should have taken a deep breath before I tweeted…
我對我的口氣不佳道歉，我在發twitter之前應該先深呼吸(使自己沒那麼生氣)

crackdown: 鎮壓
lockdown：封鎖

The premier says he’s not going to sugarcoat reality when he appears on TV Tuesday night.

sugarcoat: 糖衣、美化

labyrinth: 迷宮 =maze( 出自The phantom of the opera, 歌戲魅影)

tidal wave: 一波一波的
	Albertans anxious to return to their jobs and some semblance of normal life should think of the novel coronavirus as a tidal wave that might have swept away thousands of lives if not for the sacrifices already made, says the province's Chief Medical Officer of Health.

Herd immunity:  群體免疫
	Herd immunity is conferred when enough people in a given population have been infected with a virus, marking them immune to reinfection and slowing down the rate at which the virus spreads on its own. 

This fight is far from over.	這場戰爭離結束還很久

condolences: 哀悼
	I would like to send my condolences to those who are grieving the loss of loved ones in Nova Scotia

clawbacks = 政府把已經發放的錢收回
		a situation in which a government or company takes back money that it has already paid.

	A Parliamentary motion called for the clawback of tax credit overpayments.

	Few realize that they'll have to pay taxes on the additional income and could see clawbacks of other benefits, such as tax credits or the Guaranteed Income Supplement, the source said.

Flying a (U.S.) flag upside down
	文意是指倒掛國旗，這裡指的是褻瀆旗幟: 
	(包括焚燒、踐踏、撕毀國旗等)
		"if they want to fly our flag upside down, they don't respect our country, I'll be the first to help them pack their bags and they can find a country that they want."
		如果他們想要褻瀆國旗，他們不遵重我們的國家，我會是第一個人幫他們收拾行李，幫他們找另一個他們想要居住的國家

lockdown protesters：抗議封城的人
