idioms: 

Goodbye and Good Riddance!
(歐盟在英國脫歐時所說的話)
Good riddance意思是「擺脫得好」、「走得好」、「好行夾唔送」，全句意思可譯為「拜拜，賤人!」例如，你跟你很討厭的男/女友分手時，可向他/她說這句話。


Finders keepers, losers weepers.
	used, often humorously, to assert that whoever finds something by chance is entitled to keep.
	(先撿到的先贏)
	weeper: 愛哭鬼

What goes around, comes around ，惡有惡報


You snooze, you lose (You missed opportunities)
	 warn people who aren't paying attention, wait too long, or are indecisive that they will eventually pass up the opportunity to gain or do something they need, want, or aspire.

	 一旦不留神就會被人搶前。

Cross your T's and dot your I's. (小心的檢查)

Easy peasy, lemon squeezy = a piece of cake：很簡單的事

Let's call it a day. (表示今天不工作了，休息吧~)

It was touch and go. (50% 50%,表示你沒有把握，)
	(of an outcome, especially one that is desired) possible but very uncertain.

	通常表示interview, 或是考試，你沒有把握的事

	contrast: I nail it.(我解決他了，表示很簡單的task)

He is a loose cannon. (He is unpredicable and very dangerous)

From and get go (from start, beginning, 剛開始)

Out of the loop: 狀況外(被排擠在小圈子之外，有點類似被排擠的意思。)

(以下兩個都表示沒有經過思考就直接開始動作)
Shoot from the hip (react suddenly or without careful consideration of one's words or actions.)
wing it: do something without prepartion

反義：
	think something through, think it thoroughly (經過全面的思考)

Fly by the seat of your pants 1:easy going, 隨和
							  2: 表示常常用自己的直覺做決定，而非經過思考
							  	to do something difficult without the necessary skill or experience:
    I had no idea how to do it – I was just flying by the seat of my pants.

That's no brainer: easy decision( it's so obvious that you can easily make a decision)

off the table: 不再討論

give me the low down:  a quick summary給我一個快速的簡報
		 run

shotgun:要做前座


Beer before liquor, you'll never be sicker,

but liquor before beer and you're in the clear.

喝啤酒再喝白酒，你不會清醒；
但先喝白酒再喝啤酒，你還會清醒。

由淺入深難，由深入淺易。
由儉入奢易，由奢入儉難。

It is easy to go from frugality to extravagance, But difficult to go from extravagance to frugality.
由俭入奢易，由奢入俭难。

to have ants in one's pants: 指人非常nervous 一直動來動去

to chicken out: 因為害怕所以不去做某事

to clam up: 閉嘴(stop talking quite suddenly)
	ex: I ask him where did he go last night and he clammed up.

to hold one's horses: wait and be patient
	Hold your horses! Wear your sweater and scarf and gloves before you leave the house.

to be in the dog's house  (means you are in trouble with another person)
	My mom put my dad in the dog's house.

to kill two birds with one stone: 一石二鳥

straight from the horses mouth: 表示你是從發生人那邊聽到的(第一手消息)
	Are you sure? 
	I heard straight from the horses mouth

to smell a rat: (聽起來像是詭計)事有蹊蹺 something sounds like a trickery

	A: My agent told me to sign the contract right away. He said I didn't need to read it.
 	（我的經紀人叫我要馬上簽約，不需要看內容了。）
 	 
 	B :Sign a contract without reading it？ I smell a rat. Do you really trust your agent？
 	（ 看都不看就簽約？事有蹊蹺喔！你真的相信你的經紀人嗎？ ）

 intact [ ɪnˈtækt ]  adj. 完整无缺的，未经触动的，未受损伤的;原封不动的;完好无缺;完好无损

	When a bird's nest is overturned, no egg can remain intact.
	覆巢之下无完卵.

wrap up
	to close a session 
	to wrap up a meeting (結束會議)

scarce [ skeəs ] adj. 缺乏的，罕见的 adv. 勉强;仅仅;几乎不;简直不
	* It probably would be a good idea if you made yourself scarce.
	你最好回避一下。

	They are used to increase public health and conserve scarce resources.
		scarce resources: 稀缺資源

The die has been cast: 木以成舟
	(The die is cast 模具已經被鑄造好了)
	cast: 鑄造
	die  n. 壓模

The moving finger has written. (天注定的 Whatever one does in one's life is one's own responsibility and cannot be changed. )


cold shoulder: 形容很冷淡，

Skin of my teeth:  'narrowly' or 'barely' 僅僅

(談判用句) 你不笨，我也不笨，直接跟我說，到底怎麼回事
you are not stupid, I am not either. Just tell me what's going on.

push someone's button

-------
Apple of my eye:   表示這是我的最愛
	eg: I love my poppy. He is apple of my eye.

Big Cheese: the one who is in charge. eg: CEO
	最大的那個人

Bring home the bacon 家裡負責賺錢的人
	bacon在這裡指$$

Butter someone up : flatter, compliment 恭維別人(有拍馬屁的意思，但比較正面一點)

couch potato: lazy person

Don't cry over spilled milk: Don't regret 不要為過去的事奧悔

Flat as a pancake 平坦(通常用來指地形，但可以用來指稱各種東西)

Food for thought ：需要認真思考的事情

full of beans: super energetic:指很有活力(過於活潑，通常是小孩或是動物)

Go bananas: 類似go crazy，但通常是包含著狂喜(比方說比賽勝利一類的)

Have your cake and eat it too魚與熊掌不可兼得

Hot potato: problem: 燙手山芋

How hanging fruit: easy job. 
	Pick low haning fruit first.

Not my cup of tea. 不是我的菜(我沒有特別喜歡這東西)

Out to lunch: They don't know nothing.
	Don't trust him, he's out to lunch.  別相信他，他什麼都不知道

	P.S.這是很不禮貌的說法，只能跟自己的好友說，不能用在辦公室內

Take it with a grain of salt. 
	view something with skepticism or not to interpret something literally.
	抱著懷疑的態度

	grain of salt: 鹽粒

	This is what you want, but take it with a grain of salt. I can not guarantee it's 100% correct. 這是你要的東西。但請不要完全相信他，我無法保證他是完全正確的

That's the way the cookie crumbles.

	crumble: 碎掉
		that's how things turn out (often used of an undesirable but unalterable situation). 這就是事情的結局(通常是指比較不好的結束)



