bronchitis  /brɑːŋˈkaɪ.t̬əs/支氣管炎

celiac disease: /ˈsiː.liː.æk dɪˌziːz/ 乳糜瀉:  患此病的人需要吃gluten-free的食物
	對wheat, barley, rye過敏
	People with coeliac disease need to keep to a gluten-free diet.
Coeliac = celiac: 腹腔的


nut allergy: 對堅果(含花生) 過敏

	anaphylaxis: /ˌæn.ə.fɪlˈæk.sɪs/
		an extreme and dangerous allergic reaction to something that a person has eaten or touched 過敏反應 (這指的是嚴重的反應)


shivering:   因為感冒、生病等而發抖
shaking	: 身體抖動 (可以因為生氣、或是跳舞、或是發冷…各種都可以)
	(通常會shivering，一定是shaking,但shaking不一定代表shivering)

runny nose:流鼻涕

cough

stomachache [ 'stʌməkeɪk ] n. 胃痛，腹痛
	He was at a party all night and felt the aftereffects, a headache and a stomachache, the next day.
	他在晚会上玩了个通宵, 第二天才觉出头痛、胃痛的后果.

snoring

sinus infection: 鼻窦感染

sleep apnea: 睡眠呼吸暫時停止症

otolaryngologist 耳鼻喉科醫生

pulled a hammy拉伤大腿. 拉伤肌肉pull/strain a muscle. 

throw sb's back out：閃到腰
	throw out 有「使……（身體部位）移位、受傷」之意，
	back 指「背部、背後」。   

	 I just threw out my back when I lifted the box.  我剛剛搬箱子時閃到腰



foot cramp：腳抽筋

sprain: 扭傷
	sprain sb's wrist: 手腕扭傷
	sprained ankle. 扭傷的腳踝

閃到腰：
P.S.
	hurt one's back 
	sprain one's back   <--最常用
	sprain one's lower back 
	Low back pain (下背痛，是比較精準的說法，但是比較不常用)

I sprained my wrist (手腕) last night when I was playing bastetball.


blister: v. 起泡、起水泡

bosom: woman's chest(女性的胸部)
boobs: woman's breast

lap 大腿 (腰部到膝蓋之間)
	Come and sit on my lap and I'll read you a story.
thigh: 大腿

migraine: 偏頭痛

tummy ache: 肚子痛 = having butterflies 
	tummy: 腹瀉

adrenaline:  /əˈdren·əl·ən, -ˌin/腎上腺素

	My adrenaline is flowing that I can't stop. 我的腎上腺素在飆升，而且我無法控制它

An adrenaline rush　腎上腺素飆升
	An adrenaline rush is when your adrenal glands pump an excess amount of adrenaline into your body in response to high amounts of stress or anxiety.

亞斯伯格症候群（英语：Asperger syndrome，簡稱AS)
Autism: 自閉症

claustrophobia: 幽閉症	

torso:軀幹

acupuncturist: 針灸師
acupuncture: n. 針刺、

thrombosis /θrɑːmˈboʊ.sɪs/ 血栓 plural thromboses

stroke: 中風

twitch: 抽搐
 	sort the twitch: 停止抽搐


cellulite: 橘皮
varicose veins: 靜脈曲張
sagging breast: 乳房下垂


eyelid:眼皮
eyebrow: 眉毛

postpartum depression 產後憂鬱症

concussion: 腦震蕩

STD (n.) 性病 = (sexually transmitted disease)
STI (n.)  sexually transmitted infection
	Sexually transmitted diseases are infections that are commonly spread by sexual activity, especially vaginal, anal and oral sex.
	性病是一種性行為的感染症狀，尤其是經由陰道，肛門，以及口交造成。

SAD (n.) 季節性憂鬱症 = (seasonal affective disorder)
	Seasonal affective disorder is a mood disorder subset in which people who have normal mental health throughout most of the year exhibit depressive symptoms at the same time each year, most commonly in the winter.
	季節性憂鬱症是一種小型的群體情緒失調症狀，患者是一般正常人，但是在每年同一時期都會出現憂鬱的症狀，尤其是冬季。

OCD (n.) 強迫症 = (obsessive compulsive disorder)

	Obsessive-compulsive disorder is a mental disorder in which people feel the need to check things repeatedly, including hand washing, counting of things, and checking to see if a door is locked, are unable to control their thoughts or activities for more than a short period of time.
	強迫症指的是一種精神失調症，患者需要一直重複檢查東西並無法自我控制在短時間內不去執行這些活動跟思想，像是洗手，數東西，以及檢查們有沒有鎖上等等。

Alzheimer’s disease (n.) 阿茲海默症

	Alzheimer’s disease is the cause of 60–70% of cases of dementia.
	阿茲海默症是百分之六十至七十的失智症造成原因。

piles (n.) 痔瘡 = hemorrhoids

	Hemorrhoids are vascular structures in the anal canal. In their normal state, they are cushions that help with stool control, but become a disease when swollen or inflamed
	痔墊是位於肛管的血管組織，在正常情形下可協助控制排便。但當它腫脹或發炎時，會呈現病態或變成痔瘡。

He died of heart attack. 他死於心臟病