slang: 

green thumb : 指人很會種花種樹 --> good gardner
	ex: you have a green thumb

That's all she wrote.
	= It's all over.

指事情結束了 (用來指故事、或是劇情結束的很忽然，或著說是沒有其他的重點了)

ex: 

Q: How's the movie?
A: The first actress is hot. That's all she wrote. (指除了女主角很漂亮以外，其他都沒有什麼)


dry run = rehearsal
	排演、練習
	(原義從消防演習，器材都是真的，但沒有水，所以叫dry run)

a match made in heaven
	(天造地設的一對)

a double date 
	(a date with two couples)

to be an item	
	指雙方正在熱戀中
	ex: 
	I saw Darren and Emma there. Are they an item?


to be head over heels in love  (means you really really fall in love)

to pop the question
	(ask somebody to be your husband or wife  求婚)

to get hitched = to tie in knot = get married (結婚)

puppy love 
	teenagers are in a relationship (青春期戀愛)

to be on the rocks 
	(表示快要分手，很危險的relationship)

Little did I know: 表示「我絲毫不知道」
	ex: little did I know the trouble 我絲毫不知道這個麻煩

I nail it. 我解決它了


ringleader: the leader of a group of people who are doing something harmful or illegal
			在一個群體中，負責搗蛋的頭
	The ringleaders of the plot were arrested and punished.


catfish: 指網路上用假身份來騙取異性網友進行網交的人，可作動詞或名詞
	原義是鯰魚
	I was really falling for that gorgeous gal on Facebook, but she turned out to be a catfish. (我真的喜歡臉書上那個美女，但她原來是個以假身份騙取異性網友進行網交的人)
	He is catfishing you. 

	gal: a girl or young woman 

in person: 親自
	I saw his d*ick in person.

You think with your penis.  (你用你的下半身思考)
	penis: 男性生殖器


Mack Daddy: 
	1: one that is the best 最棒的
	2: slick w
	omanizer  	萬人迷

TBBT SE0101 
I don't know what your odds are in the world as a whole, but as far as the population of this car goes,  You're a veritable Mack Daddy. 

我不知道你在整個世界的機率是多少，但是以這台車裡的人來說，你是機率最高的一個。
(表示整車中你的排名很好)

veritable: 名副其實

Dinner is on me: 晚餐我付帳


nail biter--> 指(運動比賽) 比分接近的情況，無法猜出誰會獲勝
	a sports event or film that is exciting because you do not know how it will end.

kick off : start
	What time does the game kick off?


Leave Yourself a Way Out: 給自己留一個後路
(Leave yourself an out)

stuck a nerve (戳到痛處)
plunk a nerve: 踩到地雷( upset someone; strongly and suddenly affected by a comment or action.)
	Did a plunk a nerve? 


dial something down
	1: adjust the control on an electrical device so as to reduce the level of sound, light, heat, etc., produced.

dial it down
	2: to control (flaunting, showing off) or any other behavior that might be 
	停止某些讓人不悅的行為(通常是炫耀的行為)

sore loser: 輸不起的人
	(指輸了以後會一直complain的人)

brains out: v + brains out  有utmost(極度) 的意思
	usually use like beat one's brains out, blow one's brains out
	
	I'm not going into that haunted house—the kids in there already are screaming their brains out! 
	I'm worried that the captain of the football team will beat my brains out if he finds out that I'm secretly seeing his girlfriend.

gold digger
	拜金女(拜金的人)
	有時候，有一些會嫁給很老的人，那種是為了錢而不是為了愛的，也稱為gold digger

bark up the wrong tree: 
	be pursuing a mistaken or misguided line of thought or course of action.
	看走眼了、找錯人了、做錯事了

	You are barking up the wrong tree.  He is not rich.

Go back to Babylon (滾回巴比倫吧)
	(Babylon被指為淫糜的都市)
	Whole of Babylon 巴比倫大淫婦: 聖經裡提到的人物


go through with it (accept it)

throw somebody a bone 憐閔 sb. 

lucky hunch (類似狗屎運的字眼)
	hunch: 直覺、

lay it on me: 折磨我吧
	把你的問題丟出來給我聽吧

off-putting


wear sb. like a hat: (指讓男生的頭放在她上面(指讓男生幫她口交的意思))
	the act of one female sitting on the head of a male. (

	Penny: I got a hot former fat girl with no self esteem, I got a girl who punishes her father by sleeping around, and an alcoholic who's two tequila shots away from letting you wear her like a hat.

cop a feel, Slang: Vulgar. to touch another person's body sexually, often in a quick and surreptitious way
	fondle someone sexually, especially in a surreptitious way or without their permission.

	在對方不自覺的時候摸對方(如胸部、下體等比較有性暗示的地方)

對某人迷戀 have crush on somebody. 
	He has had a little crush on me:
	他有一點喜歡我 (有點像是"煞到)

fling: v: 丟、扔   三態: fling, flung, flung
	He crumpled up the letter and flung it into the fire.

	   n: a short period of enjoyment (一時的歡瑜，有時候可以想像成一時放縱)

	   The girls are going to the beach for one last fling before the end of summer.

	Have a fling: to have a short sexual relationship with someone
		有短暫的性關系 (比一夜情長一些)
		He is not looking for a fling, he is trying to find a long-term relationship

deal breaker: 一個原因或是要素使得雙方停止、終結目前的協商 (通常是在政治上或是經濟上)
		any issue or factor that is significant enough to terminate a negotiation, esp. in business or politics

	This is deal breaker(這是原則問題).

hold someone/something back: 扯後腿


pick someone's brains (or brain): 	obtain information by questioning someone who is better informed about a subject than oneself.
	1: 向別人了解情況
	2: 徵求精通某個問題的專家的意見

	ex: 
		I don't understand all this scientific language. I'd better go see Doctor Rogers at the medical school and pick his brain; maybe he can make it clear to me.

out of this world (稱讚語：類似 "此物只應天上有")
	This soup is out of this world.
	You said my ass was out of this world(你說我的屁股真的很翹)

into sth. 迷戀
	You are so into science: 你如此迷戀科學	

out of blue: 
"Out of the blue" is an informal English language idiom that describes an event that occurs unexpectedly 忽然之間

arm candy : 性感尤物(男女都可，但通常指名人、明星等)

think sth through：仔細考慮清楚該事
	I need some time to think it through - I don't want to make any sudden decisions.
	You didn't think that through, did you? 

hit the fan: 指釀成大禍 (有時候會用shit hits the fan)

in someone's wheelhouse: 	Someone that fits the profile of exactly what you're looking for in a partner or hookup. 

	指某人完全就是擅長該能力 

goes around, comes around：輪迴、循環

hang in the balance:  及及可危，很危險的意思
	My career is haning in the balance 我似乎快要失去我的工作了。

take the edge off:  reduce the intensity or effect of (something unpleasant or severe).
			(原本是指把邊緣變柔和一些，但常常指作放鬆)

You have a wager:  賭注成立
	wager: v. 打賭= bet
		   n. 打賭、保證


under the hood: a metaphorical area that contains the underlying implementation of 		something - e.g. a piece of hardware, a piece of software, an idea, etc.
	hood:引擎蓋  
	under the hood指內部的東西、(指需要深入了解)

	ex: Let's now look under the hood to see how the software goes about transmitting data so quickly.

	To understand how it really works we need to look under the hood.

omit the veil 忽略了面紗 (意指赤裸裸的表示，毫不遮掩)

have a bone to pick with sb:  to want to talk to someone about something annoying they have done   要找人算帳

	I've got a bone to pick with you - you've been using my shaver again.

make a fuss: become angry and complain
	ex: 
	She made such a fuss when Richard spilled a drop of wine on her blouse!
	It's all a fuss about nothing.

	fuss: a show of anger, worry, or excitement that is unnecessary or greater than the situation deserves 抱怨、發怒(類似大驚小怪)

don't flatter yourself: 別奉承自己、別自作多情

jibber jabber:快又含糊不清地說話、嘰哩呱啦
			 Talking or speaking nonsense. (也就是"廢話"的意思。)
	female jibber jabber: 女性嘰哩呱啦話題 (意指只有女性會談的話題)

nine ways to(from) Sunday: meaning evolved to mean to be at a loss
						 a large number of combinations.
		用各種方法
	I am judging you nine ways to Sunday
		(我用各種方法罵你)

six ways from Sunday: in every way possible (任何方法都是可能的)

the gist of it: 要點、要指
	I think I know the gist of it. (我想我知道重點)

The only flaw in an otherwise perfect plan: 智者千慮必有一失(原義是指計畫中唯一的缺點)

give it away ：把它給出去了 (女性講時：有性暗示的意思，意指放棄了她的virginity)
	give up: 放棄
	give away: 給出去

get over yourself :something you say to tell someone to stop thinking that they are more important than other people, especially when they are complaining about something
	slang: 少臭美、少作白日夢了 

pull the wool over someone's eyes:  deceive 欺騙

 plastered: 大醉 extremely drunk
 	get platered: 喝個大醉
 	Rick couldn't handle drinking; he was plastered in under an hour.

Take one for the team: 犧牲自己 (犧牲小我，完成大我)


bag it: 打包 (引喻為先把手上的事先放一邊，日後在處理)
	I am not in the mood for paintball, what do you say we just bag it?
		(我現在沒有心情打彩彈球，我們直接離開吧)

on the nose 	exactly right, often an exact amount of money or time:
			正確，且直接
	Her description of the play was right on the nose.

cheap out（on....)  在。。。。。上省钱
	Don't cheap out on the tips. (別對小費太小氣)


over my dead body: 除非我死，不然……

I couldn't give a furry crack of a rat's behind.  （比較幽默的說　「我不在意」）
	= I couldn't give a rat's ass = I don't care
	我不在意

keep a firm hand on the tiller --> steady. 表示都不變、立場堅定…etc
			（字面翻譯是堅定的掌舵手）
	Woman like a firm hand on the tiller　女人喜歡立場堅定的（男）人

it's impossible to keep to dogs in a bathtub. (一山難容二虎)

on the horns of a dilemma 進退兩難

between a rock and a crazy place: dilemma 兩難的局面

	Sheldon: People don’t go in my room!
	Leonard: I see. Well, it seems once again, you’re caught between a rock and a crazy place.

on crack: Used to describe something stupid, messed up or to express frustration with something


a hard row to hoe: 困難的任務 A particularly difficult or problematic task, situation, or set of circumstances to contend with or confront
	one of the new president's primary campaign promises, but it will likely prove a hard row to hoe, given the deep divisions in congress. I know finishing this thesis will be a hard row to hoe, but I'm actually looking forward to the challenge.

Don't defecate where you eat. (別在吃飯的地方拉屎)
	 -->do not have romantic relationships with any co-workers.
	 	(表示不要有辦公室戀情)

Who does one have to orally gratify to get a drink around here


sweep off feet: 使人傾心、使人激動
	I would like a man to sweep me off my feet.
	（我會喜歡一個令我傾心的男人。）
	The fans were swept off their feet over the stunning singer.
	（粉絲對這位美艷歌手傾心。）

at one's disposal
	phrase of disposal
	available for one to use whenever or however one wishes.
		(任憑你決定時間定點、任憑你差遣)

	disposal: 處置、處理


strapped for sth. 缺乏某物
	I am strapped for cash this year.(我今年比較缺錢)
		== cash-strapped
	I am strapped for time tomorrow. (我明天行程很趕)

silver linings: 不幸中的萬幸
silver linings playbook: (原意是指烏雲後面的天際線，有種雨後天青、播雲見日的感覺)


get off the wrong foot. : To have a bad start. (有個很不好的開始 ， 通常是給人的第一印象， 或是某個project的開始)
	. I know we got off on the wrong foot when I was a half hour late to the interview, but I promise that I will always be on time once I start working here.

You mess the bulls, you get the horns.
	(自作自受)

one way or another：不管怎样、無論如何

squeaky wheels get the grease:會吵的孩子有糖吃
	squeaky  發軋聲的、吱吱叫
	grease 潤滑油

Limber up:  暖身 ≒warm up (do gentle exercises to stretch the muscles in order to prepare the body for more active physical exercise)
	The substitutes are beginning to limber up on the sidelines.


play you like a violin: 
	把你玩弄於鼓掌之間 (To control or manipulate someone, especially by playing on their emotions.)

turn over a new leaf: start to act or behave in a better or more responsible way.
		改過自新
		Apparently he's turned over a new leaf and he's not smoking any more.

wind up: 結束、收尾
	You don't want to wind up homeless, do you? (你不想最後變成homeless，對吧？)
	If he keeps doing stuff like that he's going to wind up in prison!

apple doesn't fall far from the tree. (有其父必有其母)

get sb. back: do something unpleasant to someone because they have done something unpleasant to you. 得罪、惹怒
	I'll get you back for this, just you wait!
	I think he's trying to get back at her for those remarks she made in the meeting.

have someone's back
get (someone's) back
表示我支持你、我挺你
	I got your back.

low-ball offer: 遠低於市價的報價 
			(unfairly low)
	 I receive lowball offers on my own listings.


the rabbit died  (指懷孕) = a hint for pregnant
	早期的懷孕測試，將女人的urine 注射到兔子裡，數日後如果兔子死了，則表示女子懷孕了
	(懷孕時hormone變化，會使兔子死亡)

go out on a limb: 1: take a risk.  (接受風險)
	I’m going to go out on a limb here. You’re together?
	I’m gonna go out on a limb and say you don't.

up in the air (not decided yet)
	指尚未決定
on the air: live （直播）

lose your touch 指失去能力、無法再像以前做的一樣好 (no longer do something as well as before)
		It's good to see their goalkeeper's not losing his touch.


have butterflies (肚子痛)
	Why Do I Get Butterflies In My Stomach?  為什麼我肚子好痛？

set out your stall　展示你的決心
	stall: 攤位

	My parents don't think I'm serious about becoming a designer, but I'm going to set out my stall by creating my first line this summer.
		我父母不相信我是真的想成為設計師。我要在這個暑假設計我的第一條產品線來告訴他們我是認真的。

gong show 出自TV show "The Gong Show" 現在意思something crazy (而且一直發生)

stand in sb's way (擋住了誰的路，伴腳石)

He's dandy. 他是個花花公子
	(dandy男女都可指稱，但通常指稱男子，指的是穿著非常昂貴、時尚衣服的男性，而且非常注重自身的外表)

	eg: an upper-class dandy

fighting your own daemons：與自己內心的惡魔作戰

a screw loose 少跟螺絲 (少跟筋)

loose my marbles(lose my mind,指瘋了，或是有了失憶症)
	
He is 99 years old, but he still has his marbles(他已經99歲了，但他神智還是很清楚)

wakes up at the wrong side of the bed (指有起床氣，或是in very bad mood.)


