TedTalk vocab

dare v. 敢
	 n. 挑戰

	That is the truth and that is the dare.
		(這是真的，而且真的很敢)
obssess adj. 痴迷

immense adj. 巨大的

crank  	n. 特異獨行，奇想
		adj. 異怒的
cranky	adj. 怪異的、古怪的、胡思亂想的

maverick 特異獨行

nightingale 夜鶯

loosey goosey: relaxed or loose. 非常放鬆 (如果是指做事的話，則是指某人很懶散)

other guys can goof around, be all loosey-goosey before a game.

An aspiring young journalist. 
	aspiring: 有志氣的(努力想要成功的)

abdicate: v. give up, waive 放棄
	(這屬於很official 的用詞，比較常出現在國王退位、)

dystopia :反烏托邦 = anti-utopia
	希臘語字面意思是「不好的地方」（not-good place），它是一種不得人心、令人恐懼的假想社群或社會
	是與理想社會相反的，一種極端惡劣的社會最終形態

demonstration：　＝　demo展示
prank: 退位

outskirts 郊區
	outskirts of town
	outskirts of New York (紐約郊區)

leverage: the action or advantage of using a lever: 槓桿作用
	Using ropes and wooden poles for leverage, they haul sacks of cement up the track.

segregation: 隔離

in panic: 在恐慌中
	panic:  n. 恐慌
			adj. 恐慌的
	His dog is in panic and barking at everyone.


footing the bill: 立足於法案上

I saw a child pull another child's pants down and try to do a cavity search
	cavity search= A body cavity search
		搜身 (警察或是海關做的搜身，確認你是否有攜帶禁止物品，或是危禁品)

immerse myself into computers(把我自己沉浸在電腦當中)
	immerse沉浸

rehabilitation: 復健

vigorous exercise: 劇烈運動

troll: v. 拖吊
probe: v. 探測 n.探測器

I wish I had. 我希望我有…

	Did you shake hands with him? 你有跟他握手嗎？
	No, I wish I had. 沒有，我希望我有。

如果你要用非母語來做(演講)，你要(至少)練習兩次
If you are doing in a language that's not your first,
you've got to practice twice as much.

hideous: = terrible：恐怖

	it's quite hideous that you have to meet him again.

tenacious: 頑強的
	(never give up + stubborn)

grossly	非常地adv. = very, extremely
	It was grossly unfair to demand such a high interest rate on the loan.
	He's grossly overweight.

emission
parallelized

rally: v.團結
	   n. 造勢活動、示威活動 (用在選舉造勢上)

synapses: 突觸
retina:視網膜

neuron pl. 神經元 (通常用pl. neurons)

fisheries: 漁業
fisheries management漁業管理

in particular: 特別是、尤其是，特定

compassion ≒empathy 同情心
metaphor 隱喻
monopoly 壟斷
introvert 性格內向

============
https://www.ted.com/talks/emily_nagoski_the_truth_about_unwanted_arousal/transcript#t-103317

no embarrassment, no titillation, no judgment, no shame

	titillation = tickle 搔癢
wants to know if it's possible to get addicted to her vibrator.
  	vibrator: 振動 (應該是指跳蛋之類的東西)

  	premature ejaculation: 早洩

 	everlasting shame: 永遠的恥辱

So you might squick, hearing me talk about sex while you're sitting in a room full of strangers -- that is normal.

 	squick: cause (someone) to feel intense disgust.


To our judicial system. And it starts with our brain.
	judical system: 司法系統、
	judicial:司法的

That is one prominent feature, but it ignores some other parts and will leave you really confused if you're trying to understand how faces work.

	prominent: 突出的、出色的

It assesses hedonic impact
	hedonic:/hiːˈdɒn.ɪk/  adj. 享樂的connected with feelings of pleasure:	
		Many purchases are related to hedonic impulses.


Nonconcordance, very simply, is when there is a lack of predictive relationship between your physiological response, like salivation, and your subjective experience of pleasure and desire. 
	Non Concordance: 不一致

genital blood flow can increase in response to sex-related stimuli 
	生殖器充血量增加是對於性刺激的回應

I got an erection in response to the phrase 'doughnut hole.'
	我居然因為"甜甜圈的洞"這個詞而勃起
	erection: 勃起

when it's nothing but a hassle.
	hassle: 爭論

arousal nonconcordance. 不相關的喚醒(性慾)

she's straddling a bar, presses up against her clitoris.
	clitoris: 陰蒂
	straddle: 跨過 sit or stand with one leg on either side of.

There are times when consent is ambiguous and we need a large-scale cultural conversation about that. 有時候同意不明確，我們需要進行大規模的文化對話。
	consent:同意 (v. or n.)

Imagine you're on the jury and you learn that the victim had orgasms. Does it change how your gut responds to the case? Let me remind you, orgasm is physiological; it is a spontaneous, involuntary release of tension, generated in response to sex-related stimuli. 想像一下，你在陪審團，你知道受害者有高潮。 它是否會改變你的內心對此案的回應？ 讓我提醒你，性高潮是生理的; 它是一種自發的，無意識的張力釋放，是對性相關刺激的反應而產生的
	on the jury: 在陪審團裡 (注意是用on)
	physiological: 生理的 adj.
	spontaneous:自發的
	involuntary:/ɪnˈvɑː.lən.ter.i/非自願的、身不由己的
		voluntary:自願的
That kind of story can give a person all kind of feelings, from rage to shame to confused arousal because it is sex-related, even though it is appalling.
	 這種故事可以給人一種種種感覺，從憤怒到羞恥到迷惑性喚起，因為它是與性有關的，儘管它是令人震驚的。
	 appalling:令人震驚的

If you're experiencing unwanted sexual pain, talk to a medical provider
As along as everybody involved is free and glad to be there, and free to leave whenever they want to, you're allowed to do anything that you want to.
There is no script, there is no box you have to fit into, you're allowed, as long as there is consent and no unwanted pain, you're totally free to do whatever you want.

	no script, no box you have to fix into.
		沒有劇本，也沒有任何的刻板印象你需要符合

genital 生殖器
orgasm 性高潮
stimulus: 刺激物
stimuli: 刺激
salivate:流口水
	Food, salivate, Bell 食物、流口水、鈴聲

============

devastating : 破壞性的、
backlash: 反彈
seductive: 有魅力的、撫魅的 (P.S. 通常有性暗示的吸引力)
		類似於attractive(但attractive比較不一定指有性魅力)

	seduce: v. 勾引  to make someone feel attracted to you and want to have sex
	 /səˈduːs/		 with you, often someone younger or less experienced.
		He felt that she was trying to seduce him.


