Winter in Canada

sleet: 冰雨 (下雪+下雨) wet, partly melted falling snow:

hail: 冰雹

slush: n. 融雪 snow that is lying on the ground and has started to melt
	a cherry/cola slush

black ice: 黑冰 very slippery ice which is difficult for drivers to see. Can cause the driver to lose control of their vehicle and cause a "fender bender"

Blizzard:暴風雪

Blue sky day: In winter when the sky is totally blue, it is a sign that it is code (-15 degree or colder)

Chinook

Chinook arch: the arch or clouds visible during a Chinook current.

Chinook headache

Dry snow: 乾雪(很輕的雪，沒有什麼水份，通常無法用其堆雪人、或是玩雪球)

Fender Bender

Flurries: 飄雪  a sudden light fall of snow, blown in different directions by the wind:
	We might see a snow flurry or two tonight.

Frezzing raing Rain that has frozen, but has not yet turned into snow.

S.A.D. seasonal affective disorder. People will often feel blue or even depresse in the 	winter. 季節性情緒失調

salting: 在路上灑鹽(使雪融掉的方法)

sanding 在路上灑沙石(降低打滑機率)

drizzle: 細雨

	freezing drizzle: 凍雨

scorcher /ˈskɔːr.tʃɚ/:  n. 大熱天
	Yesterday was a real scorcher.

blowing snow: 吹雪

----------
Slangs for weather and climate
It's actually quite rare that the weather in the UK is bad enough to prevent people from going about their daily lives.
	實際上，英國的天氣足以阻止人們進行日常生活的情況非常罕見
	(使用going about)


I wish we had air conditioning in this building. The forecast says tomorrow is going to be another scorcher - even hotter than today.

I think my grandmother really feels the code. She's always telling me to wrap up warm even when it's quite sunny and mild outside.
	wrap up 包起來
	mild: 溫和的、溫暖的

This is the third thing that that's gone wrong today. Like they say, it never rains but it pours.
	pours: v. 傾盆大雨

The forecast for Friday is mostly cloudy with a few sunny spells, becoming more frequent in the afternoon.
	spells n. 輪班

i think you may have caught the cold I had last week. Don't worry, it's a mild one. You should only be under the weather for a couple of days.

	under the weather: 指狀況不好

It must be tough being a traffic warden. They have to work every day of the year, come rain or shine.

	traffic warden 交通督導員
	shine n. 指晴天

No wonder it's cold in here. There's a howling wind coming through the gap under the door. You need to get a draught excluder fitted.

	draught excluder
	howling wind 凜列的風
	howl 號叫

One good thing about going bankrupt was that I found out who my real friends were and which ones were just fair weather friends.

	fair weather friends : (固定用法)酒肉朋友 
				(指可以同享樂，不能同患難的朋友)

I think you should take your umbrella.
but I think it's going to get heavier by the look of those clouds.

	spitting. 滴 (毛毛雨)

I think the forecast for today was a bit wrong. it was supposed to be scattered showers, not non-stop heavy rain like this.

	scattered showers. 陣雨
	scattered: 分散的

Cycling home was not very pleasant last night. It was both windy and pouring with rain.
It's pretty hard to see where you're going with driving rain in your face the whole time.
	
	driving rain：大風雨 (狂風暴雨)


-----------------------
-----Rain 下雨  系列-----


It's raining heavily. 下大雨
It's a heavy rainstorm.這是個暴雨

	錯誤用法：a heavy rain. (這表示每一滴雨都很重，除非是用來表示雨打在身上會痛，不然幾乎不會這樣子用)

雨量分類
spit: (吐) 滴幾滴雨 (比毛毛雨還小)
drizzle: 毛毛雨
sprinkle:毛毛雨

shower:陣雨
raining heavily 大雨
pouring:傾盆大雨
rainstorm:暴雨

表示有風也有雨
driving rain：大風雨 (狂風暴雨、大而急的風雨)

Cyclone:氣旋
tropical cyclone: 熱代低氣旋 (比較小的typhoon, hurricane，變夠大的話就是typhoon了)


----------




