Ten Challenges for Making Automation a Team Player in Joint Human-Agent Activity

Requirements for joint activity among people
	1. Enter into an agreement which we call a Basic Compact that the participants intend to work together.
		跟其他人一樣有做一些基本的日常生活(參與meeting, daily standup...etc)
	2. Be mutually predictable in their actions
		可預測，且可被預測
	3. Be mutually directable

	4. Maintain common ground

10 Challenges
Challenge 1: To be a team player, an intelligent agent must fulfill the requirements of a Basic Compact to engage in common-grounding activities.

Challenge 2: To be an effective team player, intelligent agents must be able to adequately model the other participants' intentions and actions vis-a-vis the joint activity's state and evolution - for example, are they having trouble? Are they on a standard path proceeding smoothly? What impasses have arisen? How have others adapted to disruptions to the plan? 

Challenge 3: Human-agent team members must be mutually predictable.

Challenge 4: Agents must be directable.

Challenge 5: Agents must be able to make pertinent aspects of their status and intentions obvious to their teammates

Challenge 6: Agents must be able to observe and interpret pertinents signals of status and intentions.

Challenge 7: Agents must be able to engage in goal negotiation.

Challenge 8: Support technologies for planning and autonomy must enable a collaborative approach.

Challenge 9: Agents must be able to participate in managing attention.

Challenge 10: All team members must help control the costs of coordinated activity.

tacit 默契的 adj.
	understood or implied without being stated.
	eg: Will they ever come to terms with what was done in their names and, for the most part, with their tacit approval?

pertinent: 相關的 adj.
	relevant or applicable to a particular matter; apposite.
	eg: That leads me to another point in the fight against crime that is very pertinent to the discussion.

autonomy: 自治、獨立
	(of a country or region) the right or condition of self-government, especially in a particular sphere.

	eg: The government formally granted universities autonomy over academic and financial affairs.

sphere:	1. 球  2. 領域
